1990 From his cell, the UNA-Bomber, Theodore J. Kaczynski founds the Antagon conspiracy.
	 Encoded in letters to fellow scientists he writes:
	 ".. This species can not be allowed to gain more powerful tools. It is not ready, 
	 and has almost destroyed itself given the foolishness of Los Alamos. We must drive technology of 
	 self-discipline, self-control, all that, while keeping free in spirit and preventing enviromental devastation. 
	 This is no "new-man" .. this is a attempt to hack the hold one. To learn about the limits, the control properties of mind and society.
	 And to prevent this knowledge from falling into the hands of tyrants and there lackeys. All this - research, development and counteragents
	 must happen behind the scenes. This endavour must never be known, for it demands bloody sacrifices.
	 .. We can not allow humanity, to reach puperty in orbit, to have a tantrum with a kinetic bombardment..
	 Near History might as well designate us the murderers of millions, while far future might call us the saviours of billion of decendants.
	 My life is spend .. but to you i leave this burden.. to roll this rock upon the hill to the city to be.."
	 
2015 ITER is way over budget. Alternative fusion approaches are explored.
2021 ITERs first cycles fails to perform efficiently in experiment. The first fusion winter. Alternatives abandoned.
2024 Starlink destroys a nuclear missile silo in orbit controlled by a rogue general
2025 Elon Musk is outed as a antagon agent for his prevention of all out US/SINO nuclear war
2026 T0: Small fusion research at Corn & Copia Inc. archieve energy positive fusion > 1 h using laserprinted plasma coils
T0 + 2.5 h  : Antagon Sleeperagents take over the labratory. 
			  Scientists retract the results as fraudulent. The company collapses,  leading to second fusion winter.

2015-2028: Several researchers who do not abide to the omerta have accidents or are isolated as "crack-pots"

2029 :  Undercover CIA-agents investigating the LHC discover the omerta. Hidden independent research cells are formed.

