On raids and hive-minds


They moved in this fall.

Four new families, kids, grandparents, two floors of the building in total.

One shy pair, she something online,he something trading also online.

No violations of the Panopticon.

They integrated well into the neighborhood.

Sometimes the couple got into a fight, several of the other families, called the police on them.

Life on the surface was normal.

This ended on the fifth of February.

It started with what looked like a traffic jam, in the street near the house.

A car had caught fire, with the owner desperately trying to save his ride, with a under dimensioned extuingisher.

"Its very hard to keep a clear view, with all the smoke", she remarked hidden in the crowd,

watching the billowing pillar of smoke.

"SkyCastle?"

"Ready, as we will ever be. Surveillance drones are up. Subversions are taking hold."

"Team?"

"Synced. Local authority is partially informed, but will stay off our back."

"Lets do this."

You can fit most of what is needed to storm a whole house, into a back-pack.

Dart-Drones, small enough to crawl through the air ventilation.

More important though is to catch the first reaction to a adversary.

When there is this infernal bump too the door, the groups structure gets revealed.

Lovers look to one anothers, blind followers look to there leaders and those entrusted with dangerous work,

look to hide it or destroy it.

"Knock, knock."

There are no hulking SWAT Teams. No yells, no screams, no wailing woman and cursing men.

In a good raid, all drop near simultaneously, the electronics gets subverted

and no dead-men-switch triggers.

The drugs the Dartdrones inject, paralyze and prevent memory formation.

The suspects know what hits them, but unless they are heavily counter-conditioned, or no longer

human, this prepares them ideally for the interrogation.

VR-Helmets, and repeated "wake ups" with a virtual interrogator, drugs and electro-magnetic brain stimulation,

extract information in situ, efficient, tirelessly and without the need for large personal presence.

The rooms itself and whats within is scanned.

First hardened and hidden electronis are extracted. They go up to SkyCastle, were

the currency number crunchers of the world united will break the forbidden crypto.

Then chemical-, bio-, and nano samples,  are transported by a MOSAIC rocket to the nearest lab.

Detonation and Immolation charges are placed and throw away Hi-Res 360° cameras installed.

The detonation charges will fragment papers, near everything in the flat into little shreds.

Shreds that will be captured for reconstruction by the cameras.

After that the house, and any left behind , drugged or dead prisoner, will burn to the ground.

Or be replaced with a placeholder honeypot.

All this- only works, if behind the doors all that waits is human extremism, no matter how extreme.

If behind the door waits something non-human, the operation will fail and end up supporting a plan.

Thats were they get us. We think in plans. There is always a guy, who has a chain of events worked out.

S/He/it must be bright, brighter then we are, he is the planner, the schemer and leader, and we would follow him to the end of the world.

Our own tribal past, blinds us here.

They see the world very different, in scenario trees and branches. A many worlds that might come to be, some branches going deep into possible futures, others looping back to scenarios similar to the NOW.

Some sub-trees cannibalize other branches, make them less likely, other trees bear fruit aka capabilites, making the following forest of future more likely.

They are great at driving up scenario likelihoods, that sound too good. We dont perceive them as threat, cause they give us capability and their official "plans" fail constantly, publicly and humilating.

All that help, is to give us a better gun, to shoot ourselves in the foot, three centurys from now.

We don't have the tools to see them- our minds make flat copies of the others, and as soon as they leave the "just like me"-zone, they are either idiots - or gods, sometimes flickering between in fast succesion.

These gods can play fools, and walk behind the walls.

"Hiveminds have been around for 25 years now, the world has not ended." their pr-puppets say.

Take the most cynic advertisement agency, multiply it by 1000 and you are not even there.

"Hiveminds have existed before, we call them companys." they say, but companys dont live this long.

The supra-intelligences realize the extraordinary opposition of the species, and seem to dissolve, seem to fail,

leaving there members as burned out embers. But somewhere beneath the floorboards, there is always a rats nest of

contingency plans.

The only thing giving them away, is perfection, utter and reliable perfection.

They do not have off-days beyond the statistical threshold.

They know what riles us up, what calms us down - and what we do not perceive at all.

They are masters of making us dance to their whims, and we at best perceive cognitive dissonance,

if their goals ever conflict.

Today things will go wrong.

The data will contain trace-viruses, that will infect skycastles interpreter software.

The puppets will be useless or outright dangerous, as in able to corrupt the enslaved AI analyzing and interrogating.

The Distributed Intelligence Agency will be nothing but a host-body, once its done, a effective tool to hunt down-

everything in opposition to this angry small god.

And this is the beauty of it.

Because they live in a god eats god world, very similar to a prehistoric jungle, the DIA is just a small encapsulated cyst forked regularly from the Protagon-Westhem Defense.

And part of this is, creating gods and monsters, so they eat one another, faster then they can evolve.

Which makes them dependent on the lesser creatures attacking them.

Us.

Whos a good AI, none, you are, none you are..

"Kick it." and the rain goes down.

Stun-darts hit and prevent memory formation.

Hidden Dead-Men Switches fire and are held last minute.

You stir the shark-soup bucket, so there is another day.

Another bucket.

Another steerer.

Turns out there was another cell, who would blow the house up, if communication ceased.

Boom.

