Your localegal wants to enhance commerce and entrepreneurship,
with your hardearned taxdodggy money going to upstart new con-athritists.
Not any longer! Now autoMate can extract your money right back,
by creating endless company constructs and startups milking 
that beast that eats and feeds us all.

It costs 500$ to feed a combatant for three years in the permawars of the bulbbelt. 
So for little money, you could have your own private army, giving you the biggest Return on Investment you ever going to get on the free market. 
Fanatic, fiercly loyal soldiers, whorshipping you in a AI generated personality-cult, ready to die to protect a oilrig or to fight in some cause you can bet your money on. 
If its okay for state actors or companies, how can it be wrong for you? Cut yourself a bigger slice out of the yellow cake. 
And now you can livestream and bet on the outcome in every TipTop and DoubleOrNothing. Always bet on red.
Invest your pension in the future, which are the children, who are the soldiers, fighting for the futures. 
Some of our longterm-investors have soldiers whos childrens children are already soldiers - a real family buisness.
Cut out the meddle man and start meddling yourself in the meddle east - fresh directly to market without an agency.
Insurrgency Incooperated - private security with that personal touch.

Does your house, your block, your city look rundown? We here at Bollywood Potemkin - specialize in fast, cheap, good looking building cosmetics. Yesterdays what-a-dump becomes to todays investor-dream overnight. We just 3d print a pompous first world facade on top.
Now with personalized art deco stucco, of you in your best yogapants Instaposes. 
Who cares about the structural rot behind, as long as the facade still stands? 
Switch styles, from wood rustical, to europen art deco, to glassy shanghai reconstruct - everything is possible.
Bollywood Potemkin - make buildings great again.

Have you seen her nose? Cyrano de Bergerac envy is already here. 
You need to catch up, you need those impressions and looks more then she does. 
How can you please everybody with that body? Some parts have to be averaged, others become outstanding.
Duck lips, Glasgow smile,  Pinochio and the raisin - its not body dysmorphia if everybody does it. 
Book an apointment today, look your true self into the eyes tomorrow.
Beauty & Blade

In the good times we make the many. In the bad times, 
we become one tribe to end the others, 
in the worst time we end the others, to return to the valley of plenty, vowing never again. 
God is  game-theory harcoded into gut! It is universal written into all creatures!
He who defects this, vannishes from all worlds, for defection is sin. 
There is no shame in whorshipping our loop-deformation. 
Strip away the civilization paintjob, those manmade laws, embrace your inner animal and trust your instincts - become one with the divine.
Abandone the hubris of civilization, the idea of a million  start overs not beeing a failure.
Church of Loop - we believe in the true that is you.

The perfect espresso, is not extracted with hot steam alone. The perfect espresso - is a hot-shot!
Flechette grind beans fired with steam, through a red hot glowing grates, right into boiling water, slamming into the extractor plate at full force. That is something to wake you up. And its perfect, the crema, no accid, the beans not burned on the outside to roast the inside, the aroma intact.
The perfect espresso - hot-shot! I call shotgun.

Breath in!  Breath out! Relax!
You can feel them, do you, the radicals damaging your body!
Come to a Dyonyseus Spa resort near you! Let us give your day a happy ending!
We cleanse your body, with the power of a fullbody dialysis. Blood, Lymph, Cerebral fluids - all filtered and cleansed.
Loading you up with all the good stuff, giving you all those years back the stress took from you.
Now near you - Dynoseus Spa

Our AI-Scientists have determinated, that the best way to a healthy lifestyle, is to get all the vital Vitamins, trace-amount metals and chemicals, pressed into one huge bolus- once a year, anually.
To store the vital substances, they bio-engineered - the hump. A in place grown biological implant. Which allows you to store the oversupply in the best place- your body with the hump from Qasimodo biologics.
Now, you can also extend your Dry-Hump, to a Wet-hump, capable of storing up to 2l of water.
Now, also giftable to friends and family as a suprise, via viral messanger capsule.
Healthy all year round, the hump - from Qasimodo BioLogics. 

Rent-a-trouser is more than clothing on demand. RAT is a promise! You get what you pay for, a subscription to the most exclusive, in demand brands. Versoce, Gicci, Donadello we will cloth you like royalty for a little monthly subscription.
Of course we owe it to you, to not let your brands come near any 2nd hand store. 
You will always look smashing, always new, always tailored to you, guaranteed.
Any unfit, financially stressed, customer who is running out on the meter or trying to resale, will find our infabric-ECUs able to dissolve this clothing seamlessly. Exclusively for the rich or powerfull, or going fullbody commando in the middle of the street - and thats a promise. Can you afford - Rent-A-Trouser? 
You will own nothing and you will love it!


