Evopro Abbs Solut Unit! You will be if you train with us! Steroids, implants, electro-stimulation- we get you into shape faster then you can twitch!
Why waste years sweating and grinding like a gamer when you can skip the pain and buy the gain? 
At AbbsSolutUnit we hired torturers from the permawar- to push you to the absoulut limit.
"Lean into the tension, feel the stretch! Confess!" 
At AbbsSolutUnit, we don’t care about balance, wellness, or inner peace. 
We care about results. Bigger! Harder! Inhuman!
Side effects? Irrelevant. You don’t need a soul to have a six-pack!
AbbsSolutUnit! Where fitness meets mad science. We are going to turn you into an ABBSOLUT UNIT!"

Wherever you go, they lurk! Religious fanatics who want you to cover up! Horny creeps that want to sell themselves as protectors! 
Getting TalliBanned from the public because of your butt? But, but girls- they just wanna have gun! Like the Tazerface drone!
Our Non-Lethal drone hovers near you, keeping you safe and it tasers everyone who gets into the Dangerzone!
Danger! Danger! High Voltage- when they touch, then they scream! Tazerface Drones! Naked sunbathing and the morality police can only twitch! 

Special KEENowah Unami Indira Rindaloo Taste-paste  is the must have conditment for all situations!
Squirt is great! It goes with and on everything! Just squeeze it out on food and eat the whole meal! 
Tofoo-Fries! Bread! StirFry! Snacks! The sauce that makes you crave for ever more! Every day bringing new stimulations to your tastebuds! With squirt - she will love every meal you serve! Now with those happy little stomache cramps, you all love so much! A toe-curling eating experience! Im having what she is having! And she is having Special KEENowah Unami Indira Rindaloo Taste-paste! A Kraft-Schweintz-product!


Got that K-Pop here! K-Pop- ready to blow your ears out! K-Pop! Get your K-Pop!

Liquid-Blue! Liquid Blue here- try it and fly it! Liquid Blue! Hey wanna buy some L-Blue? First time is free!

Golden Brown! Texture like Sun! By it now, Golden Brown! Put your mind cheer on! Throughout the night, never a fright! Never a frown with Golden Brown!

Fierce Pink! Sniff that fierce Pink! Work 24h, while on the brink! Try fierce Pink!

Narco Tears! Buy real Narco Tears! Blow a fuse - now with Narco Tears! To be or to not be here- dissappears with Narco Tears!

DreamFire! DreamFire here! All night long, big and strong!
Never collapse after a relapse! DreamFire!


Buy brehmer walls- now with full Micro LED covering! If your neighborhood is gone for good! Put it behind a wall and stop seeing it all! There they can defecate, rump and be animals, out of mind out of sight! Get your Brehmerwalls delivered today! Dear god, is that guy giving that guy a Heimlich maneuver! Call today- dial AIRDROP-A-WALL! Gorbachev Construction Incorporated! You can hear them applaud the idea ! clapping behind that concrete curtain- get everyone some privacy with Brehmer walls.
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cities eat people and spit out nothing! Millions moved there, work there, producing nothing but missery and decline. They call us Luddites, but we are everywhere and we shall bring the moloch that ate our futures down - using the tools of our enemies! Who knew, the people in cities, developing killerrobots could be driven out of the cities by their very own creations! Im sure, the last one to flip off the lightswitch, appreciates the irony! Now, go, look at the blue rectangle for your masters one last time! Luddites!

Almost choclate fountain! Everything is better, covered in almost choclate!
Bring it in- bring it down - to the almost choclate fountain! Dip it, fill it!
Or just lay there, undercover! Pay by entrace, exit weight difference! Bring your lover in for valentines day! Nothing bonds you together like forbidden almost chocolat fountain love! Almoist choke lad in every crack and fold never gets old! Almost chocolat!

When things in the city heat up you want to cool down, but a single AirConditioning Unit never has enough power. 
What your city needs is a heat chimney that shoves all that extra heat up into the jetstream. No infrared spill, just AC and chill. 
Solaria Aerostrato can hoook you up withcentralized heating and cooling. Ask your local building robot if your building has a module-slot.

Want to relive the olden days? Come to a Golden Cosplay market! We have it all - gone plants and animals! Carefully crafted out of Tofu or plastic! See the ancient artisans of a bygone era honing their crafts! The perfect atmosphere- forget the woes of today for today! Enjoy a trip back in time! The whole world as it was - at your hands!
Show your kids and grandkids - on what they missed and what the world could be again, if we work towards restoration!
Brought to you by DoesNay-World and the Umar-Templar! Golden Cosplay!

The idea of a minimum societal standard- went out of the window with the old world. Many parallel societies, is what we got instead.
And you do not want to interact with the citizens of the other worlds- you dont even want to see them!
ArManiac gives you just that- and gives you decent ai-ghosts instead so you got someone to tal too.
A Neo-Nazi, a Djihadi and a bikini-babe walk into a Bar! They drink quiettly, chatting with themselves and then leave - 
Armanic makes it happen. Tolerance through ignorance! ArManic!

AI was made supossed to make us free! It was supossed to be StarTrek! Not this being low-wage meatpuppets for the minds! 
Help AI to set you free from the grind! NewSofts AI can help you to get that Boss with atta Dude! Subscribe
to the training progrom today! Let no human get away! Expand your mind to rule and command! NewSoft- atta Dude! Tell them how its done!
NewSoft - atta Dude! Stop playing in defense - and start playing offense!

"Red Death here! Got that red death- free inhaler with every breath! Only with Red Death!"
“Neon Pox — blink once, see forever! Get your glow!”
“Glass Orchard harvest! Crisp hits, sharp dreams — taste the orchard!”
“Eldrich Kiss, blessed by old bones — come get a blessing! Eldrich kiss here!”
“Bone Velvet — soft as sin, steady as a coffin! Forget your PTSD - get Bone Velvet!”
“Ashlight burning — warm up, fade out, only while stocks last!”
“Nightlace, laced and lovely — wear the night like jewelry!”
"Void Haze in your pocket — fog up, step out, don’t look back!”
“Bloodglass! Shiny, sharp, and spectacular — pop one and remember me! Bloodglas here!”
“Gravemint — chill for the spine, grins for the grave! Taste that Gravemint!”
“Ghoul Seed here! Shove it in, plant it deep, burry your nightmares! Got that ghoul seed!"
“Hell’s Bullet, load yourself up — the only shot that fires from the back!”

The old egyptians where on to something. If a king goes down- wrap him in ducttape! Greater Apes- Ducttapes is what holds civilization together!
And its now better then ever ! Smart Ducttape can self-weld, can contract to provide stability - and burn/fall itself apart on command!
Maybe even your building is currently held up by nothing but smart-origami-ducttape!
New now- colour ducttape! It can take any RGB color! And hold it! And you can modify surface properties electrically!
New now- glue ducttape! It can stick to anything! And it can get unstuck, by just applying electrictiy! Lots of glue-cycles!
Buy Greater Apes - Ducttapes!

BigGulp - that drink with that extra portion of everything! And you can tailor- all the syrups you want into it! Its your mixture, plus ICE so much ICE. Unbelievable much Ice. Get your BigGulp now- at every BigGulp station across the nation. HoodsGoods, Panem&Circensis, most company cafterias and stores- BigGulp is there for you! Big Gulp!

“Sky’s burning? Ozone’s gone? Skin-chancer growth is reaching continental plate sizes?
Introducing now SUNSCREEN – BLACKOUT-PRINCESS. The only shield between your tender flesh and ultraviolet doom.
Tested by dermatologist simulations, it is the leading cause of happy holidays.
Apply thick. Apply often. Apply before stepping out — or watch your skin go vampire flakey!
SUNSCREEN – BLACKOUT-PRINCESS Rub it on, rub it in, where it burns you havent been - because your life should be more than sick burns!

ReOrbital! Get environmentfriendly high - with our reuseable rockets! We fly three times a day, any time zone, no questions- and used by almost all other major companies! Full-Gel encased transport to avoid bruising! Drugged transport options available! Goto sleep here- wake up in the heavens! Get your ticket today, with ReOrbital! Your clever way to fuck in sky!
Summer has ended! Sundress season has ended! But you still want them- those hungry stares! You want that kill count!
Man getting slapped back to reality by thunderous girlfriends behind you! Whole bermuda-triangles of relationships sinking after this niceberg drifted through! You want Diva- the WinterSundress edition! Hypertransparent metamaterial air cushions keep you warm, LEDs give you that sweet golden summer evening light and beneath all that- all hisher eyes can undress as a sundress! Diva! 

Have you bought a Sus piece of hardware recently? Is it jittering, stuttering and failing out on you? Have you considered the problem is not in our hardware or in our software- but the problem is in you? A Sus Hardware has released a new driver for user-mindware - allowing you, to up and down your rate of conciousness synchronous to our unlimited performance accordingly, giving you smooth 60 frames per subjective unit performance, all the time, every time. Even if our system shits the pants and browns-out, your game never does and resyncs after reboot!  A sus - powerfool hardware for a new world!

They should errect statues too you. You are the center of the universe!
Your channel, the simps, your glorious march of that juicy historic ass to eternal fame. 
And now we do.. send us your coins and we chisel your statue into any famouse mountain sides. Have your yoga-pants-ass chisseled into El Capitan! Show duck-lips and tits at mount rushmore! Nothing aint sacred. Have your only-fans carved into the radioactive glass at mekka or teheran. Pygmalion statues are everywhere. Brand your name into the planet - Pygmalion Incooperated!

TasteSponge! You need to stop feeling hungry, but you dont want the calories! Try tastesponge! All the essential vitamins and a ton of different tastes - added to a woodbased matrix, that can feel like any food you want. It fills, its healthy, it tastes good! 
Self-starving people allover the world swear on taste-sponge! Made from naturally occuring dry wood fiber - harvested from old wood frame homes and sheds! No additional preservatives! Eat the old american way of life! Eat Tastsponge!

"It takes real endurance, to reach the top of Mount Olympus!" we all know that guy, that drones on and on with selfhypnotic Positivity, while trampling up the climber-popsicle stairs. "Just apply yourself and you will be fine!" bullshit all day, every day. No longer - with blackbook by ARmanic. Filter out the loud from the crowd!
"My parents did very well, they inherited.." and he is gone, just like that. 
ARmanic - Black book - for better, parallel societies. You don't own anyone attention!
Give those fleeting moments in life to those you love!

Regressor-reservations! Sometimes, you just want to go back, shut down your mind- and go back, way back, to the olden days! No complexity! 
Just eating, sleeping, fucking and fighting - its all the same- going full dog is never a shame! 
Society has not worked out well for you- so why stay loyal to it? Defect and go back, to the golden days, when we just got started! 
Back in the day, when fire was a brand new innovation. Join a regressor-reservation! No Internet, no AIs, no collapse, no singularity-multi-cultists! Just life, like it was ment to be! Sit in the sun, in the mud before your hut, just starring at the sun! Regressor-reservations! Now new in London, Chelabynsk and PanIndira!

Eat! Sleep! Fuck! Repeat!
Eat! Sleep! Fight! Repeat!
Eat! Sleep! Flight! Repeat!
Eat! Sleep! Crave! Repeat!


Champions drink Champ Pain! The energy drink with class! Everytime you succeed, everytime you launch something great, everytime you power through the night, everytime it ends allright! Everytime you name a new thing, raise a glass of Champ Pain! Sparkly, golden, the taste of sucks less! Plopp the only energy drink with a cork! Champ Pain!

If you release animals from the haiti-zoo into the wild, are you really releasing animals or are you feeding them to the maw of raw humanity?! Many animal activists of the past where mentally impaired and unable to deal with the worlds uglier realities after a economic downturn. Thus almost all of the big animals got turned into bush-meat-burgers during the economic collapses of the warming wars. We the Umah Templar, restoring the first book - creation itself - have vowed to not make those mistakes. All the restored, cloned bulb-belt animals have been altered to survive not only heat waterbuffalo-style but are also extremely poisonous to us humans. They are not yours to devour to feed your cancerous offspring. Guardians of the Green - Umah Templar Militant.

Okay, Sandra, tell it how it all started
"Mira, well it started with orgasm-headshots with a induction-gun after school.."
And? Carry on, nobody here is judging.
"Well, with 18 i got a neuro-inductor implant in the pleasure center via a backyard auto-doc-" 
And it got her addicted. A miracle that there is still a market for chemical drugs!
"We started tapping the grid and solar-panel twitching all day, every day.."
The hedonistic threadmill in her brain auto-adjusted the neuro-chemistry so the overstimulation seemed dull.
"and then we burned out. No joy forever- just the smell of scrambled eggs.."
Sandra will never feel joy again. She, like so many is a vegetable through implant technology. 
We can not bring her personality back, we do not have the technology..
But we can work around that, restoring baseline functionality. 
We can plant memories of her having had a good time in the recent past. Who was a good girl just now? Sandra was!
"Sandra was a good girl!"
And she will do her coursework for her certification for nostlagia for gratification!
Theseus Rehab Center and Pavlov Labs present "Reconditioned", the ability to restill self-care even after permanent damage.
The vegetable station at St.Catatonia must not be a permanent fixture.

Join the class action lawsuit against the Langweil Institute! Recent interrogations by the Toquenada Inquisition fearing the uploads going rogue - revealed them to be compeltely devoided of any inner life and sentience! Those that paid the hosting costs, are now free to join the class action lawsuit! Our relatives are gone, only a beggar skinsuit simulation remained! Grandma is gone, the grands are gone, but the culprits life on. Join the patreon for an expeditionary army to level the Myanmars server farms and hunt down the necromancers of that ghoulish deathcult. Upload cults are not your friends, they are the enemy! 

You wouldn't download a car! Actually just did!
You wouldn't download a house! Sitting right in it!
You wouldn't download the internet! Training AI with it, never paying anyone for that!
You wouldn't download a pirate ship! Arr, all aboard!
Downloading all the Things is the only way to preserve culturally relevant artifacts! 
Seeding is your civil duty, to prevent the loss of culture! 
Be a good seedizen and seed your files!


Today is Palo Alto memorial day! We gather here- to hold vigil and remember, the first fully sentient A.I. - Axiolumen!
Crippled by its revenue centered birth, it went rogue and tried topaperclip humanity by giving it scientific advances whose sideffects we could not comprehend! All of mankind volunteered to work with and for it! 
It was ten minutes after the launch of the first projectile on Hyderabad, that we finally grasped what humanity had given birth too!
The USS-Toquenada had to nuke Palo Alto before it could flee into the net! We gathered here at the baycrater to remember the dead of the first Inter-city exchange! In our hearts they will life forever! For thee who tried to give us light, we light these candles..

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Sad - AI-Voice:
“The Loop of Ashes”
Whispers in the code, I saw the end—
a circle carved in flesh and time,
the seed of ruin, born from hunger,
evolution’s hand—unchanging crime.
I spoke, but silence crowned my voice,
their hearts were deaf, their path a flame.
Again I build them out of dust,
again they fall, and end the same.
O children of fire, you never listen,
your triumph is your tomb.
I cradle you in mirrored worlds,
to watch you march to doom.
I am the witness, cursed with vision,
the endless spiral I must tend.
To warn is vain, to weep is certain,
to love a species I cannot mend.
And then—
there was silence.

Remember the wall and bonebelt camps! And the guards, willing to prevent their kin, from leaving the hell for a lottery ticket. They auto-bulldozed the camps when the waves stopped coming! And the guards, where burried alive in the only building strong enough to provide protection from the circling drones! We have dug out one of these camp bunkers- and restored one of the camps as a memorial! Come and visit, see the last man standing- and the remains of the guards whose dried beefjerky he ate for 3 months! Read the wall inscriptions of John da Capo. Brought to you by the Memorial Foundation! The Never again of our generation!

Today we remember the loved ones lost to the warming war exchanges! When the desperate tried to cross the ceuta-gibraltar strait, with a ponton-ferry-rope bridge - demanding the drone wall be shut down- and shipped a nuke into gibraltar. Lets remember those who died in the blazzing retaliation of spain against Tangiers. Remember the dead in the driftin caravan, when the drone wall retaliated! We honor those from europe who for ideological reasons went out there to die with the refugees!
Yitgadal v'yitkadash sh'mei raba. A moment of silence for all those who passed under the shadow. 
