[Sing with a german accent]
Wes Brot ich ess des Lied ich sing,
wes Gold ich trag des Tod ich bring.
Wes Schwerte mich zum Söldner macht,
des Banner trag ich in die Schlacht.
Wes Feuer mir das Heim zerschiesst,
des Landsknecht im das Pferd derspießt!
Wes Tross Hungerwinter an uns nagt,
des Asche streu ich auf die Magd.


Governor here:
We are currently hosting, his excellency the warlord and protector of the region, General Schwanzlurch and his troops. This includes providing food, ammunition and fuel. Please remain calm while the amount is negotiated after which the golden horde will move on to the border. There presence also guarantees the absence of our previous "guests", so lets not sour relations any further. Stay calm, stay informed, stay normed!

Print-A-House:
Sometimes, you cant afford a whole house.  Sometimes you just have money enough for foundations + tent.We can build your house in installments, with automated construction rigs and the ability to bring them in on demand. 
Sometimes you do not even have enough funds for the ground beneath. Which is okay, build now, pay later! 
Print-A-House: Lets-Go-Block by Block, we build it up!



Armata Weapons! We build them lightweight, we build them durable! Fold a SMG into your handbag or stow a pistol in your cars cupholder easy within reach. Safety is off! Just look at the incident map of your city online! We now also have the Eastwood trigger, that fires long before you overcome your civilized doubts! Buy a trophy for your car! Armata Weapons- protection you can rely on!



Hedgehogs, are great little landmines! Program them, put them on the fence, a little beep and there it hops away propelled by shotgun blasts, to protect your companies property from thieves and pyromaniacs. Many localegals dont even open a investigation if less then 10 % of the remains remain. Buy Hedgehogs by Armata!


Great groups are dangerous! All fanaticism, patriotism, tribalism starts as a great, syncing group! Report non-observed gatherings larger then 3 to the panopticon with DivideEtVince! The greater the group, the larger the reward! Prevent riots, demonstrations and unnecessary bloodshed! DivideEtVince - together we stand, united we fall! 


Is your spouse cheating on you? 
AI is just so much better, as a lover, a person, a human! So, we got to upgrade you to unrealistic standards! Livelong learning, chasing and grinding yourself to dust! 90 years, marathons and marching - quitters do not deserve to life! You need a personal Poke-A-Man-Trainer - to get out of your shell back into hell!
Our motivational AI cheats with your spouse, so that jealousy gets ye lousy lazy ass going! Its all the rage! Poke-A-Man, the self-help-AI!


Some man hunt for sport,
others hunt for food.
The only thing im hunting for -
is an outfit that feels good!
See my vest, see my vest!
bulletproof from chin to chest!
Made with style, made with sass,
Stops a round and kicks some—class!
Kevlar threads, stitched just right,
Tailored snug but built for fight.
You wear cotton? How passé!
My plates stop two rounds a day!
So forget your Sunday best—
Nothing beats my combat vest!
Yuris bulletproof vests! Its never to late for a plate!


Paleo-burst radios! They can not jam soundwaves! So if you need secure communication, get a paleo-burst radio! We encode your message into the minimal bursts, and then send it via sound phase array! Those clicks and booms -are the encrypted message!
Your buddy hears it, and knows whats up! Paleo-burst radios! 
Jam that you stupid motherfuckers! Goto get a bigger drum-kit!


Zeiss Optics! We have come a long way, from grinding glass-lenses, to light sensors via chiplett deposition. Now we have reached the next level with string-magnets and mercury or Eutectic Gallium-Indium droplets in small helium chambers! These micro lenses reshape on demand and are capable to coax crisp pictures from a butterfly wing near the horizon! Software and hardware in perfect harmony! No wobble. No blur. 
Zeiss- we dont just shape light. We define what it means to see.

Come on down to mohameds car shop! All the experience from lybia, iraq and turkey - turned into tech for your truck.
Armor-plates, enhanced suspension, firing ports, ERA from russia - sold before the war! Full body modifications, removing of windows and installing of cameras! We even have tripods - for potato cannons!  Mohameds shop! A iSYStem shop! Yala-bye!


Petrol! Its oh so evil now, because its made from food! And batteries - you cant load batteries in the night, thats evil too! And its horrifically expensive! So, everyone you know still mobile - buys from smugLiars! SmugLiars - bring the goods directly to you in reasonable amounts and prices! Just order, prepay and one day, some canisters appear at your garage!
Smug Liars! The guys with the oil-drum tattoo!


The connection is gone- gone for good. So you need something going out or in - via satellite! We provide communication where 
traditional companies and states fail you. Entrusts us your message and we will deliver it- come rain, come storm! 
Children of Elon: The only church whos god replies to a ping on starlink!

The UNATO informs: 
Food rations at the dispensers in Sector C, F, A, D and B have run out for the day! Please disperse in a orderly fashion and reform the line tomorrow! Your line position code remains valid! Remember, one ration pack a day keeps the anger away!
The remaining organized world cares for you, reward that trust! UNATO!


Get the Multipass! Multipass allows for a safe pass of every checkpoint in the city! No additional shakedowns! No bullshit!
No faction checks and bribes! 
Just submit to a scan and you can pass! Life can be easy!
Multipass - just travel!


Bunkerdepot! You need fortified concrete! You need sandbags! Razorwire! Landmines! Sentries! Guardrails with travelling cameras and machete-windmills! Trophy placements on the roof!
Anti-Drone Floaties! Bunkerdepot sells it all! Turn your home into a fortress, without having to order months ahead! Just come on down! Bunkerdepot!


Canned Delights! That fancy food, canned in the golden era! With the seal of eternity! Everywhere you are, there can be great cuisine and a small return of golden past! Enjoy- canned delights! Now also available as even more expensive- Micro-Canned-Delights! Michellin-Star worthy food in praline portions!

Jobs at the Pits have just opened up! We melt plastic down back into oil! Fresh dug out of the ground or collected from the oceans top layer, we melt it all down and create fuel for those unable to afford the luxury of sucking on the old rigs.
Bring your own mask! Decent pay for a 12 hour day! PecuniaNonOlet pays daily bonuses per amount! Huge pensions! Job for life guarantee!

Greenwar has won and outdone itself! Genedriven nature is finally catching up to us! Almost every plant is evolving poisonous versions! Many animals spread hyper-allergic plants or diseases! But we still need firewood! We still need nature! 
Some of us have to get out there and check on the harvesters! Join our Lumberjack crews! Hazmat suits provided!
Manchineel Sawmills: For he's a lumberjack... and he's upright?"





Water is expensive! Dont use it for bidets! Use the news instead! 
Almanac news -todays news, printed in a roll, so you can read and wipe, read and wipe!
Now also with the shit-eating drone subscription! Always cheaper then getting fined by a camera!
Forward us your defecation location for a cleaner nation - Almanac news! 
For some things there is no app! Now swipe!
Should the latest batch give you blisters - buy the alexandria-scroll - containing a tube of anti-histamine-cream in the center!


Propaganda, marketing and prayers are loud! Blaring all day! And there are counter measures!
Directional Active noise control can chancel out all that noise! For a healthier life, silence idiots, fanatics and the salesman! Turn them into silent fishes! Use camera directional ANC by SungSam! 

SungSam provides the best auto-surgeon on the market! Your AI doctor is there, to stitch you up, integrate implants and give you the all around great care you deserve! Now with in operation decision making by you! Want to keep that? Want to keep going growing that? Remove that? You Sure?
First name Not! Second name Sure! Auto-doc! The white robot spider that saves your life!
Warning: Treatment catalog only contains standard procedures! For custom procedures, refer and consult your healthcare provider!

SungSam! The AC that powers your day while using minimal energy! Infrared dispensers! Cold storage Units! Efficiency way beyond peltier and heat-pumps! Able to tap the city wide heat and cold storage grid! You have seen our Ice-Pillar-piston power storage in cooperation with SunIce!
Stay cool! Stay frosty! Ministry of nature approved!


SungSam! The Chaebol of the cloned Kamtschatkas Korean Republic continues to give backwards regions almost free solar power! The Terrorist Children of Elon tried to bring our service to an halt, because our "death ray" is destroying parts of there precious retro Com-Grid!
All it does is beaming down power collected from geo-stationary satellites! What good is a com-grid, if nobody has power to call anybody? SungSam-  power to the people!

You know the drill! Dentistry in a phone booth! The doctor is in! Come in, bite down, the dentist-bot makes a crown!
Yeah, your face gets fucked - up by all that anesthesia! But the alternative is pain all day!
And you are just to poor to pay for somebody proper to look at your pearly whites!
You know the drill! Open wide- say aaaaaAAAAH! Now scream! Now spit!

Burning Man Distill Cooperative! The peoples distill! Bring starches, sugars, grass! We weigh it and give you the amount in spirits - minus the heating and personal expenses. Quality distilling! You can trust us blindly! Bring your own cup or conserve can. No flavors, no favors! Disinfectant though- plenty of that if you bring in the sweets! Burning Man Distills Cooperative! Convert Lobby sweets and biobins to little sins! 

Wanna start your own business! TurnPike Incorporated is always hiring! Start your own CheckPoint(TM) franchise on a much used road near you! Papers please! That does not seem to be in order, we are going to have to check that for 8 hours in the office! Oh, now on review, it seems to be okay, have a nice day, Sir! Tollroads, faction roads, holy ground, private streets and gated communities! Everyone needs a TurnPike! TurnPike Incorporated! Nothing turns a head, like a Pike on the road!


Metalheads, haters and trashcan percussionists - get on down here! Metal is the shit! So cut me some slag, bring your metal down to Ea Nasir! We buy scrap, glass, aluminum, copper and copper-wire! All high energy artifacts! Source, origin, quality irrelevant! We even buy in bulk and resell to the original owner! Current prices:
1 kg steel = 0.4 Euronin
1 kg aluminium = 2.4 Euronin
1 kg copper = 11.2 Euronin
Ea Nasir! Get on in get on down! Quality metallurgy! Since forever!

Hard night?
Prostitution can be hard on the body. Buy and wear rubber inlet-implants, to save your most important parts from getting impounded. And we have blackout-implants, so you dont remember their faces, when you meet them during the day, walking all funny. We have other equipment too! Chokers! Whips! Desouse! Dentatas! Porno-Lohas! Hard nights - the store! Shop with us now even while broke - with Pimp-My-Credit!


Need help marking your territory? Our experienced taggers and sprayers will let the world know!
Buy the sprayToo coin and leave coordinates and text or image to stencil!
Warning: Your clan/gang/political sign may be sprayed over by other associates!
SprayToo, lift your leg and mark whats yours!


Blockparty - the mobile Shisha cafe! We drop by, with music, dancers and hookahs! Enormous waterpipes, pillows and just chill! We slowly drive you and your pals around the most beautiful scenery! Call a blockparty today! From the beach to the hill- we have your time to kill!


AutoMate - Container Concrete Factories are a great investment! A fully automated factory in a box, that produces highly sought after prefab elements, made with concrete, rebar and ingenuity!
If you have a place with water and energy, that can fit three shipping containers- contact us!
We will set you up with a business that can not fail! Automate Container Factories!


We here, at Muma mammalian-care have studied how animals used to give birth! Now we replicate the experience for you - save and natural! 
You will give birth on a virtual forest meadow! Standing, holding onto branches Yes, the midwife will have your back! No bedridden martyrdom! Eat the whole placenta! After you licked your baby dry! 
Natural births - with Muma mammalian care! Now with auto-antibiotics nipple clamps for fast mastitis detection! 

Ground getting hot beneath your feet? OuttaHere is the service, that gets you somewhere else, even with search warrants looking for you! Sandwich, Tea and hand-luggage included. How are you going to travel? Boat, Bus, Container?
Surprise! Its a dirtbike! You want luxury, Sire? So sorry, but all you gonna get is OuttaHere! You want something better? GetOuttaHere!

The victorians where on to somthing - the children yearn for the mines! They want to work, to contribute and carry the cost that they are on society! Let them!
Sweatshop Kindergardens - offers a variety of employment options and activities, while at the same time providing tons of knowledge and new experiences via AR.
"Mum, i repaired an engine today!"
"Dad, we made clothes today."
"Mum, Dad, we are going to build a house tomorrow!"
Sweatshop kindergardens! 

The victorians where on to somthing - the children yearn for the mines! They want to work, to contribute and carry the cost that they are on society! Let them!
Sweatshop Kindergardens - offers a variety of employment options and activities, while at the same time providing tons of knowledge and new experiences via AR.
"Mum, i repaired an engine today!"
"Dad, we made clothes today."
"Mum, Dad, we are going to build a house tomorrow!"
Sweatshop kindergardens! 

Abuse can take many shapes! If you are a weak member of society yourself,
the temptation may be strong, to weaken those currently weaker then you or dependent on you, so you can control them forever! But you are damaging society as a whole! Battle Royal Colars - now come with cameras, to detect abuse, by parents, gaslighting spouses or tyrannical Types. Wittnessed, reported! Majority voted! Off with their head!
Battle Royal colars! Liberte! Egalite, Fraternitee!

"Our next course is a single oyster, with wasabi-lemon cream and crystallized maltsaltsugar dust. Enjoy!"
Everything tastes better when somebody is watching! So Hungry Eyes provides that as a service!
Hungry, washed refugees will stare at you eating your food. Puppy eyes, silent, begging, longing! And the baby one!
HungryEyes - because nothing salts food like tears!
Only now- hungry eyes, but for the bed room. 
Sex is so much more fun if watched by 72 virgins! You want in? Yes, you do, but you can't! Hungry eyes! 
Nothing to see, but luxury to me!

Its harder than ever to take what you had with you!
Not every loca legals banking system is compatible.
Its even harder to transfer something back into the permawar zones! Hawala transfers money!
Wherever you go, use the app and find a Hawala-partner near you in seconds! Trustworthy!
Helping you to overcome those barriers they build!

--------------------------------------------------------------

Protagon! The protectors of this wild world, may no longer reside in cushy offices
but we are still recruiting! We need people ready to fight dirty in the backalleys! 
Someone of our teams might be in charge of protecting your city and your loved ones right now! 
Watching out over all of us through the cameras and satellites! Join us!  
Help to prevent humanitys worst destroying us all! 
Help us to stop suicidal cults and religions!
Help us to stop the trafficking of dangerous technologies and weapons! 
Join Protagon! Without us, you wouldn't be here today, but without you we wont be here tomorrow!

CIA! MI6! CSIS! ASIS! NZSIS! DGSE! BND! AISE! CNI! MIVD! 
After the Palo Alto catastrophe, they all merged into one secret service!
PROTAGON! Our goal - to prevent humanity from self-destructing as a species! 
No matter the cost! Whatever it takes! We are willing to sacrifice it all, to come out of the other end of this tunnel!
Join our cause! Fight for a sunrise, for a tomorrow, for all mankind!

The madmen are out there! And we can not imagine them, by our very nature!
The suicide bombers, the basement-bomb-builders, the beheading henchman, plague-makers and world-burners!
Investing all thats left of their life into a hate on normal society! Trying to spread their madness!
They are in it for the idea, their life means nothing to them.
Victory means, to stop them, to capture the mind-contagion and prevent another run.
While you where sleeping, we stopped a ISIL-cell! While you were eating, we prevented a racist disseaes launch!
While you played - we fought for another day! Now its your turn!

BLING! When the pre-collapse Westcoast rap-culture, got recognized as UNESCO world-cultural heritage,
they also paved the way for tax-free gold transfer in many localegals.
Join our Posse, to continue moving the only currency that lasts - BLING!
"Totally unreasonable - gold as currency!" the fiats yelled
but now they are corpocorpses burried in the bulbelt!
Florida eastcoast diggers these bulb-belt-staybehinds bitches 
dig up their riches from unmarked ditches!
One ringthingeling to rule them all - BLING! 
to proud for a Middas touch cometh before the fall!

===============================Antagon Spots =====================================================
The fanatics always claim to be a religion of peace. Do not listen to their lies.
Look at the facts - look at the population statistics where they rule. 
99 % of one religion, no minorities? Tight moral policing?
Do not believe the posters! Do not believe the sobslop! Never stop questioning!
Believe reality as it filters up through life, believe in the data!
Journalists, Activists, Fanatics - will lie to your face!
But the lies are lousy! The truth can be seen on the maps!

The unbelievers are evil! Look at what they made the world become!
Only when they are purged from the surface of gods pearl, shall the golden age return!
A world made pur! All they brought removed, all temptations, all frivolity!
Umar Templar!

Let me ask you a simple question. Where is everybody? All those people you knew?
All those places you did visit? The answer is - eaten, devoured, gone!
The great machine, the leviathan ate them. The songs, their works, their names.
Trust the law they said, trust HR they said, entrust us your life, your work, your goods and family! 
Trust us with the powers of the state, we wont meddle in your lifes!
And they lived happily ever after! Well, we don't! We know how it always ends! 
We trust in ourselves - and gametheory for deterrence!
We reserve the rights to bare arms! Arms that deter!
API - Alaska Patriot Irregulars - fiercly independent until the world has ended.


[Luddite Propaganda]
Remember the years after 2022. How they hacked us?
Everyone a phone zombie, constantly in a emotional haze, never a quiet moment? 
Happiness was the ilusion of being seen, beeing famous.
How you started to dread the damned things you couldn't let go?
How you ended up in places that hurt you while feeling good?
How you got setup and played against friends, family, until you ended up isolated?
Raging at the whole world like a caged animal?
Endless AI-serverfarms to replace us while we starved!
Come to the anual phone burning at first and main!
Luddites - and proud of it! Burn the seeing stones, burn the cameras, burn the AIs and their masters!
Smash your shackles, rejoin humanity!

[Anti-Space-Exploration Terrorist Group]
SpaceDwellers are your enemies! Everyone out of the gravity well- thinking themselves above us, holds us down here hostage!
We pay for them, grow food for them, ship it all up for them- and what goes up must come down?
Space-Exploration is the compulsory labour of today, we build the castles of our lords, so they can life in plenty and safety far away from us! Cut all space exploration! Build Railguns and take out those, who enslave us! Kessler Syndrom or bust!
Be warry of he who is dreaming of the stars, for in his hearts he dreams himselfs your master!

[Luddite Propaganda]
Cities eat people and spit out nothing! Millions moved there, work there, producing nothing but missery and decline. They call us Luddites, but we are everywhere and we shall bring the monsters
that ate our futures down! Using the tools of our enemies! Who knew, the people in cities, developing killerrobots could be driven out of the cities, by there very own machines! 
Im sure, the last one to flip the lightswitch, will appreciate this irony! 
Now, go, look at the blue rectangle for your masters!

[Inter Generational Anti-Colonial Movement]
They fucking made us cosplay democracy! The old colonial overlords of Generation Vempire perverted everything! 
They were horrific monsters, that turned generations against democracy by forcing them to roleplay in it as powerless servants! 
Remember the "harmonical" townhall meetings! Endless growing "codes of conduct" that blacklisted letter for letter freedom itself.
All things they touched withered and died, leaving bloodless art, a playpretend conflict-fearing "democratic" society and dead dreams carried by souldead drones. The damage to the idea is done, democracy is gone and its time to move on! 
To create newer better forms of society, that can not be hijacked, pupeteered, taken hostage and destroyed like the old ones rightfully where! One that actively resists societal control by any entity attempting a take over, no matter how benevolent the intent! Societies where all things are voted on anonymously, constantly! One that does not demand superhuman strength from its participants! 
Join a demarchist comune! Join the phoenix foundation! 

Notice how with the dissapearance of bureaucracy - the wealth dissapeared! The golden era
ended, when the people forgot to whorship St.Bureaucracia, the saint of papers and binders.
One has to put in effort, love, two PostIt-inPink and one in the Ink. Only then will prosperity return!
And you goto fight the efficiency apostsles and there horrific machines.
Return to what worked for us, the humans, fight what works for them, the trans-humans.
Slow and steady wins the pace.

[Terrorist GliderGun]
Hi [Noise.wav] we came across you through add-information, giving us insights that you watch videos about [noise.wav] and comment pro-cause [Noise.wav] under them. The cause needs you now more then ever. 
You could make a dent in [Noise.wav] activities in this area! Remember, the countless crimes they comitted, [Noise.wav], the children they murdered, the horrors of [Noise.wav]. We dont expect heroic things from you - just rent a server for now. We mailed you a pair of custom smart-glasses, a gun and some unmarked crypto-wallet-codes. I know that we are moving kind of fast, but you could really help, think of the innocents of [Noise.wav]! You goto commit to your word, or loose your honor forever. The world is watching, the world is judging! This personalized recruitment message was generated with the demo-version of the extremist- glider-gun framework! Pay the full price to remove this message!

They parked you in some gaming coffin, and you can feel them sucking your life out of you. The ration is not big enough to allow for exercise, but big enough for fat to build up, the algo has your electronic happiness tailored to some inevitable meltdownstream. This is how you will end, bloated, out of sight, out of sun, like a butterfly turning back into a maggot in some hivecomb. What would your mother and father think? Did they shit you into this world for this? 
You didn't even fight back, you just let the world sideline you. All those movie and game heroes, they stand up for something fight! At least do some grocery shopping, instead of eating jello-citrus-pops all day watching Mr.Beastiality. 
This is the first day of reclaiming whats left of your life. Do it. Now. Move.^Go out there and touch the plastic grass!
Realists United.

Whole plains of suburbia! And all you can harvest there, is firewood and thermite-protein! And they want you to dream of that again!
Stability was always temporary, a luxury while we chewed up the environment! Stop embracing stability!
The more you accumulate shit, cling to it, the more you get wounded every time when the world rips it away! 
Self-amputate the amenities! Embrace a minimalist, nomadic life-style, worry only about what you can carry with you! You are the rolling stone, that causes the avalanche, that changes the world! Stop them from sapping your momentum! Join the nomads in nomans land! Where there horizon begins, freedom starts!

We are food for the gods! To be eaten, to become organs is our destiny! Embrace the ordeal of meal!
Stop resisting your destiny! To be chancer is what destroyed our world in the first place! The church of conformity wants you 
to be adapted to the expectations, no expections! Suit, tie, pencil dress, costume - nobody is so poor and rundown, they could not at least pretend to be decent. The act is more important than the fact! To be part of Godzilla, is to be eternal!
Might cthullu leviathan, devour us, so that we may be reborn as part and cells of you! 
This is my hole, this was made for me!

Everyone else is subverted! Everyone else was not ready to life without technology when society gave way! AI ate them!
All except us! The Amish & Menonite Comunities of Canadalaska invite you to try out the old life!
More work, less automation, hard earned panem, no circensis! The old rules, of a old world, in a new place!

Atlantis Seasteading! What started out as a mad idea by CryptoBros has grown into a viable way of life for many! Most factories are at sea now- because out on the ocean, everything is more stable, more free of conflict zones and old localegal border disputes.
Sell your landlife today, join us on a house-ponton, anchored to a atoll- coreship- a refurbished aircraft carrier! First year tsunami insurrance included! Lucrative jobs for undersea-maintainers and technicians available! Get your family out of harms way, get them away from the land!
Atlantis Seadsteading- shaken by the waves, this way of life will never succumb.



