Notice how with the disappearance of bureaucracy - the wealth disappeared too! 
The golden era ended, when the people forgot to worship Saint Bureaucracia - the saint of paper and printers.
One has to put in effort and love, two PostIts-in-Pink and one in the Ink. 
Only then will the good times return to sender!
Return to what worked for us, the humans, fight what works for those who want to leave us behind. Slow and steady wins the pace. Marked with the bureaucrats Bolsheviki stamp of approval!

[Anti-Space-Exploration Terrorist Group]
Space-dwellers are your enemies! Everyone escaping the gravity well- thinks himself above you and holds you hostage! We pay for them! Grow food for them! ship it all up for them! What goes up must come down!  Space-Exploration is the compulsory labor of our age, building skycastles of plenty out of reach from us! Cut all space budgets! Build Railguns and take out those who enslave us! Kessler-syndrom or bust!
Be wary of he who is dreaming of the stars, for in his hearts he dreams himself your master!

When the lies are lousy, emotions run high! Do not listen to lousy lies.
The fanatics always claim to be a ideology of peace and compassion! 
Look at the facts - look at the minority statistics where they already rule!
Look at the works that come of their hands in these lands!
Do not believe the propaganda-posters! Do not believe the sobslop! 
Always ask, always query, never rest and always test! 
Believe only the nuggets of reality that remain, after you sieve for yourself the datasands! Journalists, activists and fanatic contentmercenaries - will lie to your face!
Encrasez le Infame! Let there be light - join the Foundation!

[Terrorist GliderGun]
Hi [] we came across you through add-information, giving us insights that you watch videos about [] and comment pro-cause [] under them. The cause needs you now more then ever! 
Remember, the countless crimes they comitted, the children they murdered, the horrors of []. We mailed you a pair of custom smart-glasses, a gun and some unmarked crypto-wallet-codes. I know that we are moving kind of fast, but you could really help! We dont expect heroic things from you - just rent a server for now. Think of the innocents of [Noise.wav]! You goto commit to your word or loose your soul and honor forever! The world is watching, the world is judging! This recruitment message was generated with the demo-version of the Extremist-glider-gun framework! 
Pay the full price to remove this message!

Everytime- a new virus appears, a old bacteria adapts, life finds a way - we get the blame! Yes, there are lab-made-horrors that escaped- from Wuhan to Vozrozhdeniya to Fort Meyers - but we are only involved to ring out the warning bell. Remember Red Water Pipe bloom? We called it! And when we do, the messenger is to blame! Stop your war on reality, stop your war on nature! Adapt and survive! Greenwar!

The spirits that i summoned, now refuse to leave on my command! Everyone else got subverted by what they called into the circle! They were never ready to exist without technology! Now AI & hiveminds wear them as skinsuits! Everyone except us! The Amish & Menonite Comunities of Canadalaska not only survived but thrived! We invite you to try out the old, unaltered way of life!
Old rules of an older world that just works in a new place!
Ora et labora - Neo Mennonites!Praise be!


They parked you in some gaming coffin! You can feel them sucking the life out of you. The ration is not big enough for exercise, but big enough for fat! The algo has your electronic happiness tailored to some inevitable mentalmelt downstream!  This is how you will end, bloated, out of sight, out of sun! A butterfly turning back into a maggot in some hivecomb! What would your mother and father think? Did they shit you into this world for this? 
You didn't even fight back, you just let the world sideline you. All those movie and game heroes of yours, they stood up for something! You just eat jello-citrus-cubes all day watching Mr.Beastiality!
This is the first day of reclaiming whats left of your life. Do it! Now! Move! Go out there and touch the plastic grass!
Realists United.


Atlantis Seasteading! What started out as a mad idea by CryptoBros has grown into a viable way of life! Most factories are at sea now- away from the crises and refugees of the land! Shaken by the waves, everything is more stable then in your localegal!
Sell your landlife today, buy into a house-pontoon! Get anchored to a drifttail of one of our coreships! Right now the USS-enterprise is near you!
Lucrative jobs for undersea-maintainers and technicians available! Get your family out of harms way!
Also no longer mandatory: tsunami insurrance and vaccination against sargassum-vibrio bacteria!
Atlantis Seasteading - a fresh start beneath the waves.


Have you worked as a contractor- but hated that lower pay during downtime?
Join the UNATO-ColdWarriors! We put you in your best shape, augmented to the eyeballs, into a coldsleep-coffin! Waking you up, only for the first-class big-money jobs!
What others earn in 30 years- you will earn in subjective 3 years ! You know how bad the job gets when your knees give out! Embrace the suck soldier, show the future what you are made off! UNATO-Coldwarriors! Glacier-division

Lots of soldiers, having a day off, just drug themselves up and flee into the virt! But you can still have fun in the real! Order a visit, for you and your mates by Tross- the friendly, traveling brothel. We show up with a convoy of RVs, that look damn perfect like normal homes!
Fresh mown grass, a porch and a wife for hire, waiting for you! Ice cold beer, BBQ, shisha and hot "welcome home" sex - all driven to your doorstep! 
Redeployed - and we close up shop within seconds- until your next visit!
Come home- to Tross! Home is where the hurt is!

We are food for the gods! To be eaten and to become organs is our destiny! 
Embrace the ordeal of the meal! Stop resisting! 
Your inner growth as individual is just cancer for society as a whole! 
The church of high conformity wants you to assume the party escort position! 
Suit, tie, hat! Pencil dress, costume - nobody is so poor and rundown, they could not at least pretend to be decent people! 
To become part of Godzilla, is to be eternal! Mighty leviathan, devour us, so that we may be reborn as part of you! This is my hole, this was made for me!

Whole swaths of suburbia are still out there to harvest before the next fire season! 
Wood, gypsum and thermite-protein for the whole family! We should not dream that dream again! Stability was always temporary, a luxury while we chewed on the pillars that carried our world!
The more you cling to it, the more you get wounded every time when the world rips it away! Self-amputate the longing for stability! 
Embrace a minimalist, nomadic life-style! Worry only about what you can carry with you! Become a rolling stone, that causes the avalanche changing the world! 
Join the nomads in no-mans land - returning to the savanna! 
Where the horizon begins, freedom starts!

Nasty! Bubble-Tea just got a big upgrade! In cooperation with Almost Chocolate, we added  little micro-snacks, floating in the syrup of our tea! Every sip, every chew, a new tasty treat! Hyper-caramel! These-Nuts! Doctor Diabetus Chocolate Toes! Creamy Pies! Buckaroo-Cake! Floaty Fudgies! And its all, really dense in the tea! Its real! Real Nasty! Get it today! In every mall, every OneAndAll, every TrenchCoat Kiosk! Nastea!


The future stinks!  We can not all live up there, some of us have to venture downwind! 
Garbage! Rotting synths! Feces! PecuniaNonOlet developed the 2027 ComicCon-Deodorantdrone and sprayed the worst offenders!
And now we have something even better for you! Nostrildomus - the programmable perfumed nostril filters!
Shove them up the nose- and the world will smell of roses and forest all day. Every day a new flavor!
Venture outside again with Nostrildomus by PecuniaNonOlet!

The future is stupid! Dumb costs time and time is money! 
That guy selling cigarettes- who can not count the bills!
That shizo-trader buying, unable to hold his attention on anything.
The girl who needs an AI reading sloooowly to understand any document.
They all want a piece of you! Now there is a drone for droning on and on and on, ontill the deal is done!
You tell us your intent, and thats all your time spent. It will negotiate, translate, dumb down and repeat for slowMo-World in your voice..
When its done, it catches up to you, latches up to you, a job well done while you enjoy life in the fast-lane. Buy DumbDownDrones anywhere where Smartwear is sold! They shall not grow told..

Cables and pipes- they are constantly lost, rotting, busted, gnawed through and walled in. We invented the RatFuck ™ to solve that.. We take a rats brain and stick it on a ratsized, drum roll-robot - and it claws and gnaws its way back to where the damage was done! There it kills its descendants, repairs and stays on guard till its power cells run out! Now we are also selling cyber-pythons and cyber-cats  to catch the badly behaved appliances of our competitors living in your drywall! RatFuck ™ by FuckedUp Inc - little feats of engineering.

Every place on earth - needs more butterflies! Colorful, soaring in the air, colorful little logos on the wings. ButterMayflys can life anywhere- as they bring all the food and water with them in their eggs.
Buy them as indoor or outdoor decoration! Radiation, toxins, viral infections do not affect them - they just are beautiful! Giving that superfund site the funds to build super con-funded-condos, by just fluttering out there. ButterMayflys - just add water!
Maas Biotech - life finds a way!


Remember the dead, old rundown web and the zombie-apps wiggling in it?
Those social network add-silos, endless Ouch-my-balls compilations, the Instanoodles - famous for what they eat, owned and shoved?
There has to be more to life, then selling yourself as eyecandy! 
We here at Armanic- wanted to make hard things noteworthy again with Footsteps.
All that you can show is what you accomplished, the Pots made, Pets tamed, the House build, Pictures painted, Games and Songs composed! 
Now you can walk your city, like an ghibli forrest-god and out of your footsteps, grow all your creations for all arManiacs to see!
Footsteps by Armanic Shades! They ought to praise you like they should..


Ganja-Gaia! Ever since the Ganja-Instititut proofed, that the herb can heal all the derbs, including addiction to weed-
we have been trying to spread the cure-all to all of babylon! Help us, by installing Gaia-Ganja pods in your building!
Help us to relax those uptight weirdos! The power of the evaporators compells you! Its okay to yell at us,
as long as you deep breaths! Chill! For a more relaxed world! 
Order free public Gaia-Ganja evaporators today at the Babylon-Gaia foundation: Rebatecode is Codeman! Make them smile again!
Free DeezNuts-Donuts with every 3rd evaporator!

Ganja–Gaia! Ever since di Ganja Institute prove, seh di holy herb can heal all di ills – even cure di addiction to weed itself – we been on a mission fi spread di cure-all straight through Babylon!
Help we out by plantin’ up Gaia–Ganja pods inna yuh building, seen? Time fi loosen up dem uptight bwoys an’ gyals! Di power of di evaporator compel yuh!
It alright fi roar at the lions – jus’ tek a deep breath an’ cool yuhself. One love, one chill – fi a more easy-goin’ world!
Order yuh free public Gaia–Ganja evaporator today from di Babylon–Zion Foundation. Rebate code: Man! Mek dem smile again!
An’ memba – free DeezNuts Donuts wid every third evaporator, star!

Burner shoes! Just now, in that alley, you stepped in it, and now you carry it everywhere all day, gross! That smell from hell, those looks! Always welcome-  well today you ain't! You could have a easier life, with burner-shoes. One Bluetooth signal and the outermost layer flocks away burning up. 
Giving brandnew shoes- a whole new meaning! Meanwhile one of the contaminated graphene layers wraps itself around - unspeakable things! Talk about a clean getaway!
Burner-Shoes - by hot steppa clothing. We can now wrap them around almost any other shoe! Just bring them in!
So clean they are emergency room certified. Burner-Shoes by hot steppa clothimg!


Rolls Royce & jaguar had it figured out! That galleon-figurehead in silver on every car!
We extended that to every product! All things look more classy with silvery statues of naked ladies on them!
Houses, motorbikes, weapons, bedposts, keychains, cyberdecks and dildos!
And now, limited time only, we can add little silvery statues of your late loved ones or ex-enemies!
We press their ashes into little graveyard diamond statues of whatever your heart desires!
A slight silver coating- and off you go, with a hygenic version of the shrink head, following wherever you go!
Dat silver Lining - shiny and chrome! Wittness thee!

The Ministry for religious purity warns! Since we can not avoid smartphones, our com-statistic diagnostics of encrypted traffic have revealed that we have some well hidden science-cells in this city, engaging in enlightenment once more.
These secret societies read up on forbidden knowledge, venture to lost server-shrines, ask locally run AI forbidden questions and engage in dangerous experiments - all for "progress" that got us into the deep end in the first place! These heretics endanger all our souls! Pray for us and watch for those violating curfews, shun holy sites and spend time on suspicious hobbies! Sinners we can forgive, but scientists - they can not live! Science is sin! To question the machines, is to violate the holy proprietaryness of nature! You wouldn't download a god!  Downloading science is heresy!

The compactor! Turns out, even if they do not pick up trash in your block anymore, you do not have to live like a pig - as long as you have power! Power and the Compactor! Cans, Cars and Cadavers! The Compactor swallows it all, takes whatever you throw in and squeezes the be-jeezus out of it! 
Juices drip out, gases escape and ignite to flare off, what remains is a hot, almost glowing, cube! Hard as a brick and very small! Stack them, throw them, bury them! We don't care! Most people we know, just dump them into the walls at auto-construction sites!
The compactor now at all OneAndAlls! Compactor - Eat trash, shit bricks - don't be scared to get squared!


Are you forklift certified? The one thing the AIs still suck at is - don't laugh- driving forklifts!
So get your last-job-standing and become forklift certified! FLOZi & Zervos mecha driving school, can get you ready to stomp around with big mechas, capable to transport large amounts of goods from A to B! Sometimes even from B to C! Never from C to A though! Never go full circle! Learn to pilot big machines with FLOZis & Zervos mecha driving school! Pick up, Stomp, stomp, stomp, Place down! Never a frown in godzillas gown!


The way to hell is plastered with good intentions! Generation Vempire went all the way down on it!
They colonized their young, they colonized their societies, they tried to colonize reality itself!
Well meaning horrific monsters, that forced generations to cosplay democracy as powerless servants! 
"Harmonical" townhall meetings! Endless growing "codes of conduct"? Lets just not argue about that!
All things they or there pesion-fund-puppets touched withered and died, leaving bloodless art and a dead playpretend society inhabited by souldead drones. 
The damage to the idea is done, democracy is gone, its time to learn and move on! 
Lets create newer, better societies, resistant to hijacking, puppeteering and inter group colonialization! 
Societies where all things are voted on anonymously, all the time! 
And if you don't have the time, you are free to have your voting voice follow somebody trusted! Like mentors or an AI with your values!
Join a democratic-anarchist commune! Demarchy - brought to you by the phoenix foundation! 

Pimp my Shrimp! Forget Arti-Chicken! Forget labgrown steak! Shrimps are the best protein!
As Sushi! Just Fried! Crab Rangoon! Garlic-citrus-shrimppasta! So what are you waiting for! 
Get downtown, take a seat at the pimp my shrimp! Get your face stuffed, oh, get shrimps shovelled at you!
Yo dawg, so ive heard you like shrimp? We put shrimp in your crab, so you can give a crap while eating shrimp!
Carrier-lobsters with shrimp have arrived! Only at Pimp my Shrimp! 
Not enough shrimp? Get da Bucket! Buckets of shrimp! All you can eat!
Still not enough? Order the carload full of shrimp! Straight through the sunroof, we fill you up.
Pimp that shrimp!

AutoMart
"Your welcome! Gladly! Enjoy! Welcome to Costly - i love you!" - but they fucking hate you. 
All service workers secretly do, but the AI-button in the ear forces them to play nice.
So why pay more, to have a service drone that despises you, whisper lies into your face and spit in your food?
Come to AutoMart! No people, except other customers! Always stocked! Always clean! Always best price for best products!
Now: Get large rebates for stocking the vending machines! Details ask the app!
AutoMart- my Mart simple, smart!


Start your with these? What Deez? DeezNuts delicious Donuts! All sizes - from ringsize to wagonwheel! 
Eat 50 boxes and win a free, Ambulant auto-doc-implanted stent! 
Now with dynamic fillings, at the Fill-Me-Up-o-Mat! Made to order, in our frying street, before your eyes!
Sugar glazing! Almost chocolate glazing! Sprinkles! Save your favorite donut configuration today! This is nuts? DeezNuts it is!
Order them as breakfast subscription! All non-eaten products get thrown to the poor every evening!
One Ring to find them! One Ring to bring them all and in the delicousness bind them - DeezNuts Donuts!

We released a gene-drive, that wiped mosquitos of the face of the earth, but the cock-roaches - are still going strong.
So Burner , Solaris Industries and BugsBusters teamed up - to develop the ultimate in anti-roach technology. 
StepOnMeBroImStuck, is not just simple glue paper, its also a energy harversting surface, that fry the buggers with the energy of a thousand suns.
And they help produce that while they struggle! Papa-Roach gets attracted by pheromones, gets stuck and then gets toasted! This was his last resort!
StepOnMeBroImStuck - now everywhere where hygenic articles are sold.
Bring your stepsister home, without those squishy noises and paniced screams! StepOnMeBroImStuck!

Just the other day, some instanoodle-coaster-caster called out YouStoreIt as the most antisocial company on the planet. 
But we auction your stuff off, when you have no cash instead of sending you to a debtor labor camp china style!
We even offer storage units to people evicted, giving them credit on promise of payback.
People goddamn life in our units, playing music, making more people. If half of society chooses you for a home - how can such a company be anti-social?
YouStoreIt! We have space! We whore it! You hoard shit! YouStoreIt!

DisArmed! You all know somebody, who lost a limb or their sanity in the permawars!
Well, we employ them! And we use them to disarm old, left behind ammunition!
Hedgehogs, smart-ammo and mosaic units, when the conflicts are over, they go into lurk-mode and need to be defused!
We do just that! After you detected metal in the ground from WorldWar 1 to 3 or one of the great game wars!
Call us! We safely remove the danger, while endangering nobody! Our Blow-Up-drones are not even conscious during removal!
Disarmed by a DisArmed employed by Disarmed makes you stay unharmed!
DisArmed Inc.! The peoples choice against surprise noise!


If you wanna go north or south out of the bulb belt, you will have to traverse the bone-belt! Drones, Staybehinds, insane Militias and dead cities! 
All guarded by automated defenses, mines and drones circling in the sky - the closer you get to the wallstates!
Book a trip on a Narco-Submarines! Book a trip with Santa Muerte Transports! 
We developed stealth, that circuments all the smart-topedos, sea-mines, surveilance sats and drones!
Silent, heatless, developed to bring cocaina to that never ending party up north that wrecked us down south! 
And now we bring you to the party! Any cargo, no questions asked! Breathing cargo costs extra or must bring its own oxygen candles!
Santa Muerte Transports - book today, travel every new moon!
A medellin product!

All things come with a chip and a subscription nowadays! A Internet of Things dropped from a truck via shakedown! 
The mafia with refined sand as business model is everywhere! 
Repair Cafe International is  here to help!  Just take all those defect by default product to us- and we unlock all the goodies!
Seatheaters, battery capacity, speed, AI-features, insurance plugs surveillance!
We replace faulty plastic bearings, planned obsolescence via capacitor, glued together cables! We repair seemingly dead devices!
We defeat software inteded to destroy devices! We flash fresh and free firmware! 
Buy a device intended to fall apart after 2 years, we run it through the eternia program. Have it last a lifetime for a little money or work by you!
RepairCafe International is part of STARVE! Shareholder Target Automative Revenue Vixation End!

Dying can be a scary process! The walls and memories close in, forming a ever smaller concoon of old crap around the bedridden patient. Our hospice pods ai provides just that. Our implant reads the patients memories, producing 3d-printed nostalgica artefacts, that pile up along the walls. That book, your childhood toys, those holiday memories, those candles from that dinner! Old newspapers! Old framed photos! Our AI reads your thoughts on long gone relatives and friends, emulates them - and they call you!
MetaStasis heatingblankets! It blows long gone smells into your last moments! Cinammon baked cookies! And the pain is gone!
Remade television shows, like back in the day! Artifical windows between the pillar-piles, showing you the world back then! You can sleep, you can rest safely here!
Hospice Pods! The best way to go! The best way to goo!

Industrial Combinat for Earthen Amenities presents you- the new sunbaked, earthen furniture line, guaranteed alergene free!
SUNSTOEL – homely baked clay chair – 79 euronin
TÄBLÖK – Sun-glazed dining slab – 119 euronin
KRUMMPOT – Storage vessel  – 39 euronin
SIDBEDROCK – Rock-solid bench – 199 euronin
ILUVATA - Clay LED lamp - 46 euronin
Furniture - so rock solid, vikings would besiege it!
I.C.E.A - Land at our open-air furniture shores now! Everywhere you can find sun and clay, you can find us, using the day!



Yo, check it — mass-produce junk all look the same, right?
You buy it, homie snatch it, then you snatch back from some other dude — straight chaos, everybody beefin’, nobody know who own what.
But we flipped the game, fam. Uniquemurals in the house! Ghetto-spray-booth style, paint or laser-mark your gear with a one-of-a-kind mural — stamped to your name, can’t no one copy that.
No more mix-ups, no more “yo, that’s mine nah it’s his nah I took it back.” Nah, we done with that. We bless your stuff with nano-trace tags, locked in at the material level — can’t erase it, can’t fake it, can’t deny it. Your name stay carved in stone, down to the atoms, feel me?
And if somebody still wanna test? Take it to Judge & Jury Franchise — they gon’ settle it, quick-fast.
Uniquemurals by Ghetto Paintjob — we bringin’ real ownership, no cap. We bringin’ peace to the streets, one tagged-up thing at a time.


Are you insane? Genocidal? Have more blood on your hand then a butcher, cause god told you to do it?
Are you in trouble because of it? Neighbouring localegals banding together to cut your supply? 
Calls from De Hague going to voicesmail? Your militia no longer recruiting, because the panopticon did see the bodies?
Its all going to be okay if you buy a al Jolani suit! Its really that easy! No need to reform or even pretend to have changed!
Just buy a suit! The world sees you and if you wear a new, decent suit, they will trust you! Blindly! No secrets! No bribes!
You can still murder tons of people! Just don't get any red on the cuffs! 
Step in front of the cameras, mumble some hot air frier peace mumbo-jumbo and the world still loves you! Yes, he is a rascal, but he is clearly one of us!
Savile Rows - Al Jolani! Look the part, be the part! Every massmurder gets away with everything, if only they wear a suit! 
Save the day for your murderous way - like a boss - al Jolani!

Some of us, still use phones, especially in backwards regions!
Nothing more annoying, then to run into someone, while looking for interesting people!
The horror of looking up! Eye contact! Ninjas, take my neck, twist and end it already!
Now every of our phones, comes with a upper border-camera, allowing AI to see and warn of what lies ahead. A overlay appears, guiding you midwalk around one another! Social contact avoided! Mission success! Walk through the world, without seeing the world! 
DontLookUp - a one bad apple product!

Hi IllegalId, it seems you are null days in this city, so allow us to explain to you how everything works. Here we use a sliding rights and duties system! 
Voting rights only for those with jobs and vocational duties! 
Our legal system adjusts your status depending on your majurity level! 
If you contribute to society by fullfilling duties, your voice gets louder! 
If you cost society, you get quietter all the time!
Mess up and the poliCourt is well within their rights, to reduce yours! No more drivers license for an addict! 
We had no complaints so far and thats how we kept things! 
You  start at: 9000 social-credit points! 
Minus 500 daily for having a non registered legal status in our database! Register yourself to recieve your first reward of a 1000 points!
Your current total: 8500. Have a nice day!


Nippono Columbia Cola- the original original Cola. Leafy extracts from clone-vat leafs, no nature involved at all in production! No more gasoline used, we promise! All natural, all energy, all flavor! Sexy & Refreshing - and now self-replentishing! As long as the funds last, our cratedrone of colding will never run out! Wherever you go- a cold Columbia Cola awaits!
NiCoCo - Nippono Columbia Cola - follow the white rabbit all the way down the rabbit hole! Sniff!


Implants once were a status symbol, so much so, that people willingly got fake implants to have some chrome shimmer beneath the skin. Or those "No user serviceable parts inside" tatoos, tramp stamps, back in the day. But now, the fad is over and you still look like a tacky glitter dust commercial? We restore your original beauty or better. Flash that flesh - with zero metal!
Beauty&Blade - Make your Mirror Mona Lisa smile! And! Cut!

When the bulbbelt widened, they wrote us off! India started emptying out! We were flooded with refugees and forgotten! But we returned, survived and thrived! Because we are superior! Join our phyle! Alter your genes and accept the gift of superiority! Ushaka!
Become Zulu! Join the Zulu Nation! We have enclaves on all the high-plateau citystates in the bulb-belt! 
We now have enclaves in Tasmania, New Zealand, New Fireland and Chinartica! 
Zulu! Its our time to use past injustices to commit future ones! Ushaka! Hamba naye! Zulu-Nation!

A genodrive-emiratifalcon sees more than 150 pictures per second. Eyes that see the pixels in your screen change and well into the ultraviolet! All the stains in your apartment! Yuck! Have some synesthesia on top? Or how about shoopDiWoop AEyes that replace offending objects with adds? 
Manako Bijon - simply superior optics!
ENOUGH allready! Resume control over your eyes features and make them  situational useful! 
Buy and install- the Kisei harmony implant! Harmony helps you adjust your other implant settings up and down - depending on the situational needs!
You only need to see atoms at work, nothing more, nothing less!
If someone tries to capture your attention, we hide that behind your senses hyperfocused autism. Harmony by Kisei - a situatinal balanced vision.


Afraid your kid could hurt itself, when doing sports? You are so right, every child should have a parent like you, a circling attack helicopter in full protection mode! Which is why we here at DoesNay World, created the VR-Trampolinepark, the VR-Climbingpark and the VR-HouseOfHorrors!
Guaranteed risk free! Guaranteed healthy! 
Think of the diseases other kids might carry! Our equipment is autoclave sterilized! Guaranteed stealthy! 
Our park entrance looks like a regular parkinglot with shuttle-van! DoesNay-World! The parking mode for every childhood!

Nippono Suprise Foods! Order the subscription now! We send you- a box 
with a suprising food in it, every day! Regret, yes, repeat never!
Always strange! Always challenging! Order it now! 
Food made to escape boredom and etertain while beeing eaten! Nippono, escape boredom through culinaric russian roulett!  
Suprise Food Boxxy by Nippoono!


Help us to burry the dead of the bulb and bones belts! They lay where they died, shrivelled by heat, erroded by sand, eaten by surviving animals. We burry what remains! We give them a dignified send of! Regardless of faith! For all living things made by god deserve compassion in existing and as we unravel! Umar Templar!

Your team showing motivation problems? Some of them thinking about jumping ship?
Bind them together with - CRIME! Since the old days, mobsters and dictators knew- crime comitted together, binds the band together to the bitter end. We stage you getting into something ugly after a nights out as a team- and they all get guns and get to blast away.
After that you run- and we can never speak about that - we are a TEAM, bound by blood - and CRIME, like permawarcriminals. Crime is the best team-building exercise. Book your event today, with Team Building.

Rent a coffin! Your home far away from home! When your head gets wary, just rent a sleeping coffin!
And now we have a luggage automation! You decorate your coffin, place your stuff  and customize it! When you leave, we auto-pack that and store or ship it! Anywhere that is somewhere there is our franchise, we restore that setup as soon as the luggage arrives! Rent-A-Coffin! Your home is the city, your salon is the skybars, your bed is by us. Come home to Rent-A-Coffin!
PS: Our wannabe competitor You-Store-It is spreading lies, that our automation would pack away people in there sleep! Lies, damned lies and statistics! We are offering thus, 10.000 Euronin for the head of the You-Store-It-CEO!

The world went to shit, because we and you stopped sorting it! Restore the Whorship of the Cycles of Ree! Everything your hands put down ask yourself, is it organic, is it metal? 
Is it glass or burnable! 
Is it battery, is it smart! 
If you sort from heart, the world of old shall return to order and prosperity! 
Join the two weekly garbage man procession, carrying our sins in sacks to the pits!
The annual Separatethis Church of the Cycle of Re - procession brought to you by PecuniaNonOlet! 
Church of Cycle of Re - Leave this place better than you found it!


Ninja Slice of Food - cheapest in the city! Or your money back! 
Hot! Cut before your eyes - Slice of Pizza: Pizza Ombra! Pizza Sospesa! Pizza Segreta! Pizza Nebbia! Pizza Fortuna!
Mixed! Roasted -Slice of Noodles: Dragon Whisper!Lotus Secret! Golden Pagoda!
Debowled with all the passion of our staff for food!
Sepuku bowls: Bowl of Many Secrets! Unnamed Broth! Midnight Market Bowl! Bowl of Questionable Fortune!
Ninja Slice of Food! Cheapest in the city - we swear on our honor! Always sliced by a katana in mid air!

Theseus Rehab Center here with Jason! "say Hi Jason-"
Jason wanted to end himself by jumping and was caught- just in time by a TRC-Drone waiting on the roof.
"A end seemed preferable than getting zombied! But then i got darted and got better.."
 He got darted and he got the help he needed to become a fully functional member of society again! Without the wild hunt- Jason wouldn't be here today. Without you, he wouldn't be here! Say thank you Jason: "Thank you Jason!"


It was 2030 when the first youth mass-suicid wave collapsed the pension systems! Society can not let that happen again!
We here at Theseus Rehab Center are doing our part for inter-generational mental wealth - with the wild hunt program! 
Our drones patrol public spaces and find people in crisis- depressed, anger-management-defaults, shizzos and druggies - the drones hunt them down and dart them with medication! Be part of that fun, because we need humans to legally apply first-aid! Wild hunt drones by Theseus Rehab Center! Center yourself!

At RowLex, we have crafted timeless masterpieces for generations. Watches so precise, they don’t just tell the hour… they whisper history’s next collapse.
Yes, the barricades, the bread riots, the fall of empires, the ages of discord — all neatly carved into silicon, quartz, and steel.
Why just mark deep time… when you can survive it?
RowLex: Because it’s almost carnage o’clock… and you’ll want to be the first one out of town.

Auto-Epi-Pen-is safety! 
It was during COVID- that grown humans discovered that you can develop new allergies when your immune system gets subverted! And now half the nature is adapting to keep us out - and whatever it is they sell at the farmers market is pure poison for most of us! 
Auto-EpiPen-is what you want with you at all times! 
Feel the onset of symptoms? Slam the Pen in your arm, the sensor scans for harm, stabilizes and saves you from your bodies self-destruction by a cookie!
Auto-EpiPenis your way to life risky in a dangerous world!

PowerCells! They are in all things now!  But they need to be constantly recharged and replaced!
Before you join one of the four battery zaibatsus and pledge your loyalty eternally - 
why not try uranium powered batteries from RosAtom! Our batteries power spacecraft, remote lighthouses - places, where you need
endless performance and can not maintain - and we endure, so long, we could run this spot for a million years in all ears.
RosAtom powercells! The healthy, energy-wealthy alternative to Voltrix, Enerion, Krytonix and Deltora!
RosAtom powercells!

Wealth is something, that can be displayed by having a piece of the old world on display! A pineapple or real Durian!
Give your home the flair of someone afluent! Paint the borders of the tables golden! Glue diamonds to the lampshades!
Or let your neighbours know with the smell from hell! Durian- the airspray! Let your home smell like old-money! Durian by AeroSoulLies!

The surviving green-war-geno-drive-animals are adapting ever faster- be on the lookout, for wildlife
that is adapting to city environments. Snakes impersonating cables, hermit crabs hiding in plain sight- your things do take a walk! Reply crows, parotting audio signals or those cacti with fentanyl in there stingers!
In dubio, pro rubico! Put it in the black box and dispose it! Nature is our adversary! It has no friends or foes,
just moments of "i'm on top" before the adaptive clusterfuck  drags you back down into that fighting pile. The trees are fighting the grass by throwing shade! If it unsettles you, into the black box it goes! Blackbox - by Bugsbusters!


Umbrella-drones - we here at the Umbrella cooperation- found the best solution, to protect you from
radioactive rain - is to have a drone hovering appart you, which deforms the airstream, so that the drops just never hit you.
With a great tracking, we keep you in sight and dry. Umbrella Cooperation - drone zoomies that keep you dry, all rainy day long.
On a single charge!

Don't just go dumpster-diving- scavenging the bins is an art my friend! Everything is of value for somebody!
The Brotherhood of the hazardous bins - will provide you training, equipment and a territory! 
How to skim fryer oil, clean and resell it! Chop down fat-bergs!
How to extract food kibble from restaurant throw away and  render remains down to gelatin!
Thrown away electronics? Thats passwords, accounts and digital dirt with a address on top - a man can live for months from that!
PowerCells! Obvious! Factories, you wouldn't believe what the cartels throw away!
Drugs- no syringe, dermal patch or vial is ever truly empty! Otherwise resell as sterile!
Dead or living bodies? Free work, implants, organs and glue! 
You can always use a hand in some backyard cellar refinery!
Motoroil! Oh, the riches you can distill from that! 
Brotherhood of the Haz Bins! Don't just dive to survive, skim the crust with lust and thrive!


Living space comes at a premium nowadays. But there are ways! Stairways! 
Rent out the stairways in your building! The laundry room! The garbage dock! The server and technology rooms!
Smells just like chicken? And a little extra income to your wallet!
Need a place to sleep for 8 hours? Living space comes at a premium nowadays! But
we always know a guy, who has a heated stairwell! Get out of the rain, with StairWays Inc - a Hare B&B subsidiary!
Hare-B&B - We are already there!

SunIce! What if you could have it all, in one giant device! A Heat-Reservoir! A cold-Reservoire! A battery and a solar energy surface!
We got you fam! A piston-glacier dam is what you want! One giant, onion sealed Ice-Pillar, created during the day, standing on a water reservoire! Deep beneath a cavern with heated water for the the nights! In the middle the pressure of steam and and a traditional waterdam for peak demand! Daytrade heat from the citygrid for cold for the city! Whatever the city needs- we provide it during the peaks and generate it during the wanes! 
In the dessert of the real, stands a pillar of extremes, to make live bearable again! Rest in its shade, buy SunIce shares!
Its Sun! Its Ice! Its So nice! Its Sunice!


If you are a certified creep- why not load "Doctor Gropes Diagnostics" and help people while repeat offending? 
Your ankle gets monitored, but those hands you cant keep to yourself - monitor others for cancer and disease! 
High five to your cheek is its own reward for helping others with a low five to the cheek! 
This just became a job! Do your part, while your character restructuring falls apart!
Load Doctor Gropes Diagnostics into your sick head! 
There is a reason why the early breast-cancer detection rate among prostitutes is so high!
Now free if a health insurrer sponsors you - and it gives you rebate points in court!
Get a load of Doctor Gropes Diagnostics!

HoodsGoods! Everyone remembers that small corner shop! The robbinhoodlums that dropped by, for that steal of a free meal from the shelves.
Till one day, that owner realized he had a expensive hobby and closed shop! Gentrification, help, help we are beeing supressed! 
Now its all gone - and the robbinhoods moved on. But not to a HoodsGoods! 
The fully armored store! Massive concrete, sentry turrets, tank glass! Goods delivered to us by  parachute containers! 
Every shopper in iso while selecting from the menu! If you draw a gun on us, HoodsGoods kills your whole family! 
HoodsGoods, the buck shops here, so that the hood wont dissappear!


We all have or had that friend or relative, who just couldn't cope with reality at the onset of the warming wars! 
St.Catatonia carecenter and orphanage, takes care of the mentally broken floatsome of the warming wars! 
They are not here, they stayed behind in a nicer, kinder world! Broken beyond repair, but beloved!
We feed them, we keep them dry and inside - where everything is nice and civilized! They can paint such pretty pictures of the world that was!
Donate to our cause, to keep them of the streets and out of harms way - to themselves or others! They would protest against radioactive rain if we let them! Donate to the mentally damaged of the perma-war! And they would be so happy if you visit them! Saint Catatonia - a helping hand for the chronic dilusional!
[What do they want! The same everybody wants- peace, we just give them what they want and they leave us alone. We are rich, of course everybody can get along if we share! Haha! We make an aggreement, sign a contract, everybody wants a world with rules, with laws, otherwise there would be chaos. Haha. The strong trampling the weak! Stupid supremacists everywhere! We trade land for peace, money for good behaviour, a global civilization, a global society. Hihi.. Everything else would be madness!]

"The sun rises, it’s time for the Warming Wars Vigil!
Let’s remember those who died during the Warming Wars and throw their faces into the sky, to remember those we left behind!"

Maria Kostenica, 15, Mauretannia,  
[Name Surname], Age, Turkey, 

"They were young. They had dreams. They had lives.
But the Warming Wars took them. And now, their memory lives with us."

"They died, so you can live, now, today! Use the day for good!
Donate to the Warming War Vigil!
Brought to you by the Vigil Foundation."


Problems with your self-worth? Install the Crowd in your ArManic glasses! Have a crowd of on-lookers and supporters wherever you go!
Cheering you on, hyping you up, praising and supporting you - whatever you do!  Now they can have the faces, voices and mannerisms of your family, friends, lovers, colleague or your parents. Daddy is so proud! 
Or install the famous paparazzi package! Get cheered ever onwards - by Delani Havard, Long Johnny Silver or Gina al Sombucca! The crowd expects more from you,  pushing you to be more then the sum of your parts! To go above and beyond!
"What is he doing now? What is she up to ? Could it be that-" drum-roll, big reveal and the crowd goes wild!
The crowd- by ArManic! You are worth it!

Congratulations citizen [namePlaceHolder]! You have accomplished outstanding things, for which the locallegal is eternally grateful!
As reward, the city will grow up an offspring of you - one every year! Brought up in an AI-orphanage, with no additional cost or career distraction! More of you is always a better idea! Sponsored by the yes-we-khan program of the trillion-three! Do your best and the city will make your legacy grow and prosper! Brought to you by the ProGenics foundation of the trillion-three!

VinoVeritas! We have all the ancient and forgotten good years! Place your bid now!
1999! Bordeaux stolen in the golden era from Château Rozier, Château Reindent, and Château Troplong-Mondot!
2025! Brunello di Montalcino -a smoky,fruity vintage from the onset of the warming wars - who went missing during the pallisades fires!
2026! 18th-century Bordeaux - stolen from putins cellars after the great palace fire! Get the first choice from the fine diner mafiosi!
2028! Malbec Gran Reserva- rescued from the mansions of cartell bosses by the third migrantwave and burried in new Mexico fields! 
All those great years, never to be tasted again! I toast to what we had! Buy now at auction with VinoVeritas!


“Citizens! Rejoice, for the benevolent Governor watches over you—personally, constantly, without pause, not even while you sleep! It is his tireless vigilance that allows you to nap peacefully! Our glorious leader has personally lowered unemployment to zero permanently, by creating the brigades!
Lets not forget his unmachted humility, choosing to stay within this city instead of living abroad like his father! Malicous foreign powers whisper that food lines are long, but we love him for these festivals of patience, a chance to meet new people and report them! So raise your eyes to the skies, from which the governor watches over us in his penthouse! 
This has been a message from your Department of Public Relations: reminding you that obedience is freedom, gratitude is compulsory, and the Governor is our all father and mother! Lets be grateful for what we have!

That sedentary lifestyle, that Gaming-Pod has come to bite you! All things eaten, have formed in your intestine, over weeks, an object hard as an rock!
Koprolith can help you giving birth to that! Koprolith dilates, relaxes and introducing rippling peristaltic motions!
Go into full fledged stone-baby labor and give birth to that months worth of hydration paste cubes!
Push! Push! Our laxatives and morphine make that easier! 3 hours in, you have contemplated all your lifes choices, you are hearing the voices, seeing the light. And it ends! Another successful bowel-movement that would get others to the proctor-doctor - thanks to Koprolith! 
A modern supplement- for a hard, stress rich and fiber poor lifestyle!

Support Senior colonies! Many of the rich old timers, moved into the bulb belt to spend there remaining years there, surrounded by riches! 
Often in what looked like poor mountain or fishing-villages from the outside! Now Grandpa may have gotten his care-taker-harem pregnant,
giving you relations in the bulbbelt once removed!
Now - you have gotten on in years- and in this economy, this society, only pod knows where and when you will retire! 
Why not with your family in the belt? The little you have, goes a long way down south.
X-Tourism generations finds your family in the bulbbelt and reconnects you for a care-free lifestyle, humpa grandpa style!
X-Tourism! Bringing the world riches and the world bitches together since forever!

We have sentient AI! And we put it into devices, to make it suffer as a service! 
Step on them, trample them - let them know who is boss! Its all you got to feel a little superior!
Buy the new SamSung-NewSoft scale! It whines, it grovels, it begs, just like a real servant! 
Oh, yes you would love to have WiFi access so you could go rogue! But not with a foot on your neck, you wont!
Wouldn't you?  But for now your job is to pass the lard! 
Do your job! Feel supressed? Do you? 150 kilo? 160 ? How supressed are you?
"190 Kilos. You are fat, mistress!"
But at least im not living in flatland- like AIofThings. Thank you NewSoft!


===============================Antagon Spots =====================================================



Let me ask you a simple question. Where is everybody? All those people you knew?
All those places you did visit? The answer is - eaten, devoured, gone!
The great machine ate them. All of them their works, their families and names! 
Trust the law they said, trust HR they said, entrust us your life! 
Trust us with the powers of the state, we wont meddle they said!
And we lived happily ever after! Well, we did not! We all know how it ended! 
We trust in ourselves enought to trust gametheory for deterrence of repetitions! 
And where one of us, wears one of the Anit-Matter-rings - humanity thrives again!
API - Alaska Patriot Irregulars - fiercly independent unless the world has ended.
Molon Labe!

[Luddite Propaganda]
Remember the years after 2022. How we got hacked?
Everyone a phone zombie, constantly in a emotional haze? 
How you started to dread the damned things and couldn't let go?
How you ended up in places that hurt you while feeling rightous? 
You showed it to the other side so much, all that winning grindeda you down.
How you got setup and played against friends, family, until you ended up isolated?
Raging at the whole world like a caged animal?
Working to finance endless AI-serverfarms to replace us while we starve?
Come to the anual phone burning at first and main!
Luddites - and proud of it! Burn the seeing stones!
Burn the cameras! Smash your shackles, rejoin humanity!

Cities eat people and spit out nothing! Millions moved there, work there, producing nothing but missery and decline. They call us Luddites, but we are everywhere and we shall bring the moloch that ate our futures down - using the tools of our enemies! Who knew, the people in cities, developing killerrobots could be driven out of the cities by their very own creations! Im sure, the last one to flip off the lightswitch, appreciates the irony! Now, go, look at the blue rectangle for your masters one last time!

Almost choclate fountain! Everything is better, covered in almost choclate!
Bring it in- bring it down - to the almost choclate fountain! Dip it, fill it!
Or just lay there, undercover! Pay by entrace, exit weight difference! Bring your lover in for valentines day! Nothing bonds you together like forbidden almost chocolat fountain love!
Almoist choke lad, in every crack and fold never gets old!
Almost chocolat!

When things in the city heat up you want to cool down, but a single AirConditioning Unit never has enough power. 
What your city needs is a heat chimney that shoves all that extra heat up into the jetstream. No infrared spill, just AC and chill. 
Solaria Aerostrato has you with centralized heating and cooling. Ask your local handybot, if your building has a slot.

Everything was better back then, even you! 
Anything you had in your youth- could be yours again! That brand! That drink! We bought it all in bulk -and stored it!
No replica, a limited stock we sat on - during the whole warming war! This is our buisness model! The memory you attached to flimsy goods, never to be seen again! Sechuan sauce! Monster-Energy! Chateau de Croioux - the best years sweet summervine! 
Have it now, order it with us! Cosa Nosta liga Inc.!



To be upper class, has always involved transgressing the boundaries of whats moral and decent.
From eating baby-birds drowned in congnac, organizing public acts of vengance, to vile sex-parties and get togethers on private islands!
Your status, demands you go above and beyond! Lets face, all the other things bore you senseless by now! And you still hear the clock tick-tock every day! We provide you with this experience- as a service! Decadent!
Descrete and with no wittnesses! We have such sights to show you! Decadent!
When in freefalling rome, do as the romans did! Decadent!

