	TANOGO

	It sucks to be a TANO strategos. 
	Powerfull Military Alliance, dark limousines, medelling glitz & glamour, long conferences, entourages and security details, dinner parties in musty old buildings, renovated with new money afraid for its life.
	The word has a ring to it, that does not carry over into reality.
	Its always crisis time in this new post-history world, a opportunity for some, someones mess for everyone else, our mess for us. 
	We shape the policy, garden the golden path, without ever being visible or accountable to the classical hierachies of the bureaucratic behemoth. 
	On our recommendations, more representable figures step forward, distribute darpa money, declare public alliances and initiatives. 
	On our damnation, old certainties wither, ideas are throttled and sometimes the very concept of a possibility slowly fades out of the cultures conciousness, while publicly being praised by fools.
	11 human minds, tortured by ANOThem, a inhuman bureaucratic machine into excellence, so those who stand watch at night, can be certain there will be a day after sundown. 
	There is only so much cheesy worldplay possible with 4 letters, but oh boy did those bored bookkeepers give it there all.
	People expect imagine there rules like Napoleon at the map table, aids rushing, yelling decisive orders. 
	What they get instead is a run down digital nomad, lets call him, for court accountability wTANO7.
	Definatly a guy, ignore the w, cause woman are cuddly and nice, and this creature is not.
	No tacticool, out of shape, coffee addicted and sunlight allergic, with a medicated in asperger syndrom and a bad sense of fashion.
	Were two or three assemble in thy name, there be military Acronyms, but for the sake of readability, lets avoid them from now on.
	Its 7:30 Oscar when the aircraft touches down in Riga, near midsumar. 
	You can see the frontlines from the air, were the rot of the old world, humanity in the trenches of its neural folds and inner nature, returns in force just a few hundred kilometers away.
	The mission: "To preserver western civilization eternally, no matter the cost." coined by the club of rome.
	A mission, should you accept it, that is extremely likely to self-destruct through its paradoxical nature within the next 50 years. 
	We travel and are alone. No security detail. Just a brick of a phone, that records and transmitts almost anywhere anytime. We are important, but replaceable.
	On purpose, reality, unadulterated for the brains. No cozying up, no bribes no prejudices, if something happens, someone makes certain we do not give it away.
	No holidays, the nature of conciousness makes us process sub-conciously even when off duty. No luxuries, like a bolt. 
	If somebody gives it away, writting a shortstory, blabbing in a bar, whispering post-coitus, there is a spiderweb of social engineers to make certain amputations, exercising the "infected" from society. They do not thrive and survive. We deprecate people hard, if we are honest with them, but are encouraged to be near them, for that shepard dog reflex to click. Not that we still have a large urge to be near them.
	Relationships, friendships, the job sinks the whole harbour.
	We tried dating among each other, two grandfather clocks, dancing the last tango of the enlightenment, gear teeth grinding into one another, handles scratching at each others faces.	Stealing each others pendulum momentum, fully aware of all the ticking subconcious processes, shoving the red hot glowing truth about ourselves into one another brains like the lovecraftian freaks we are. It does not end well.
	Some of us used to use the intricate neuro-know-how, to extuingish conversations before they even start. Nothing easier then becoming invisible, if you have no concept of dignitiy to hold you back. But AnoThem wants us to suffer, to connect and attach.
	Because we tend to become cynic sociopaths they force us to be social. Im booked for a social hostel near the train station. have been there before.
    Its nice, if you are human. Im just not anymore. 
    Im the mental equivalent of a eldritch horror, totally out of place in a vibrant, common room, full of backpackers in love with a hallucinated world. 
    I could share, but infected by this knowledge, bad things are prone to happen.
	"Where were you?" "Everywhere the political situation is stable enough to travel.."
	"What do you do?" "Im a strategic analyst for the only power of note even going for the long game-"
	"How many followers do you have on insta." "Peter, Mark and Elon. And those guys follow everybody.."
	"What drugs are you on?" "None, that work. They blunt my brain, which increases anxiety, which gives me a phantom limb pain for the only control surface i have.."
	"What games do you play?" "I like sleeping in places, that are in danger of getting super cell flash-floods. Its like russian roulett.."
	While i wait on the bus, i read, relentless like a machine.
	Some of us get the full Palantir-Dosiers on every fellow citizen, snooping on house-wives, perverts, training doctors, latvian vlogers and mandatory drunks alike.
	I think it a colossal waste of time, to watch what is essentially noise instead of reading the rules that throw the dice. 
	Our docs are not encrypted. Our operatian security is the mental breakdowns the information inflicts if seen by the unprepared. 
	The billionaires who take the secret service money and read it too (Cheers Peter), look like us, sould-dead, affect-destroyed zombies. 
	Stylizing themselves as doomed emperors, confronted with inevitable decline, functioning, walking around, grinding retainers to dust.
	Fleeing into little tech utopist escapist fantasies, upping their survival chances, while starring, small oh so small, into the crisis-tsunami tunnel closing over them.

	I have completed the daily Drasil update, when the bus passes the national Library. The drasils form the dark background forrest of this grimm fairy tale. 
	Scenario trees, the main, most likely one, the Ydrasil becoming the now as the bus slides into town.
	History is linear only for the past. Before that, its a tree of trees of possible futures, spanning up from the now. Every branch a capability gained, every interaction of the world upon the now changing likelihoods. 
	While you traverse it, you change it. 
	This is our product, this is what we work on, this is what is really behind policy if you ask "why" long enough. Dont want to know that, we wan the chieftain to feel certain about one plan in his guts.
	You can computate morals from the tree, traversing all edges for happy survivors and the hateful dead, having a definitiv answer to difficult questions - were the future decendants sentence those living in the Now to a monastry life and die in the resulting slave rebellion. So you goto compromise with whats feasable. 
	Idealization is masturbation.
	We are 11 to break stalemates. 
	If we fall short, they eliminate the weakest from the vote. There might be others, but we can not know them. They annonymize us 11 from the others pretty strictly.
	Some of us tried to off themselves, to escape this existence in the shadows and they "returned" with changed characters. 
	Then the job grinds them down to a sphere, like a stone in a gully beneath a waterfall.
	They set you up for life, and life becomes short and unbearable. For a few years of service, you become rich, retire on some island, see your kids, can be a complete recluse, your choice. The best, the elite filterfed from the social graphs directly into the moloch.
	You get decendants.. cells from your cells, living as adopted, with ambassadors somewhere. They tell us about them. They make us painfully aware of what we do not have and never will have. They give us the tools to destroy and shape the world, and then take our own flesh & blood as hostages.
	ANOThem is so very carefully balancing us on the edge, between nervous breakdown and sublimated peak performance, chasing the carrot into our species sunset.
	I arrive, grab my bag, shove myself past boastfull russians and resentfull latvians, through that McDonalds that never sleeps, punch in the door code, past the empty cheka-surveilance reception booth, up the stairs to the third floor. 
	Check-In, 4 people dorm, i place my stuff, grab a coffee from the brokrastis desk and sit myself into the silent working area.
	Just a guy with a laptop, typing furiously. Nothing to see. Digital nomads. Just a app. Just a dream. Just money. Move along.
	Meanwhile online the others are endless arguing about the mission statement. 
	What exactly do we protect? Some frozzen museum snapshot, never allowed to evolve, like a fly trapped in amber?
	Some nostalgic version of a historic moment, when our society mimicried a idealized enemy system and had a really pleasant moment for a few million for a few years?
	What if our mission statement is self-destructive? 
	If a world with 8 billions going for the american lifestyle will destroy itself in by 2035? What if your idealized democratic citizens, turn out to be easily manipulated cattle and the manipulators turn out to be shortsighted fools? What if there is with your organization you are the only person with all responsibility?
	What if im just a madmen, dreaming parallel universes and ethical conundrums, spouting pampleths about game-theory from a soap box?
	
	Science goes were the data goes. Regarding Neurology and Psychology, 2005 the data started to disappear like a river vannishing into a stony landscape. 
	A ton of frontends, messengers, searchtools, voice-assistants collecting all your data from all devices to Nowhere Special in America
	Dont worry about it, whats the worst that could happen, if you dance neurally naked, they can not develop a theory of mind and hack you.
	Its just for advertising. For scamming. Regular sinnister. 
	Just magic seeing stones in every pocket, the program name is so cheesy like actually alot of what we do.
	When we stopped reasoning with you and all you did was feel, we turned you into periphery. Forever.
	If you have all those conversations, all the honest answers, all the surveilance, categorized into a central database as a interaction annotated with meta and social graphs then you know. 
	They query and datamine it for us. We point at theory weak spots or open questions of interests and some forever annonymous query-slave writes the ultimate SELECT FROM WHERE paper to never see the light of day. They put the poison of knowledge into the many worlds tree.
	
	The hostels CEO is a asshole, but the janitor is nice, always with a beer and a cordless powerdrill, being busy making life lifable. 
	We drink latvian alus and cider, but the drug dont work, they have seen to that. 

	To pluck all that knowledge into your apple, makes you a sinner. 
	Among it is a kilometer long list of retardations. They come in categories, fixable by knowledge aka nurture, with subcategories of cost similar to the Big O notation.
	A typical optical illusion, percievable, non-fixable, you can laugh about it together. No harm done.
	Then they get gradually worser. 
	The bugs stop being percievable to the individual, they cease to be fixable or work-aroundable by society. 
	The worst sort, is integral to upholding society, while at the same time crippling its ability to adapt and handle the future.
	And its the futures we are ever more worried about.

	Gain the ability to have small time fusion on the tree and you have flying cars. Flying cars are basically missiles for beginners. They would fly these cars into another city, one country over. Centralize the whole affair cause authoritarian daddy knows best, by having air-traffic controll backdoors and you make your system hackable by one bad actor. Stop hitting yourself.
	The masses yearn for the new tech, because thats how we have run away from growing up as a species ever since. Build a nuclear plant and make food from air with harber-bosch and some hippy revolt captures that success story, telling itself add nauseaum that they made humanity peaceful.
	Meanwhile, you are just placing forever more dangerous bets on this roulett table, till the bank wins it all. Now we are at the end of the line, forced to sabotage ourselves, to buy more time to adapt for whats to come.
	Right next to this place is a country were a mad-men took a nuclear powerplant hostage and has nukes at the ready, still we all press ever onwards, because behind us burns the horizon. They fail to hold the empire core together and we fail to uphold our mission, we have a bubble-foiled, shrink-wrapped civilization, far away from the western ideals of yore, informed choices, rational people. The symmetry of decay is pleasing to watch, painfull to experience.
	There is good tech, that hardens the roots of the trees. Make a website, were you can share videos and some well-hidden servers at the arse of the earth will make sure, that the knowledge can never die, even when all the teachers vannish into the killing fields.
	Then there is tech that is nightmares, worst case scenarios.
	The end begins with shooting stars, all those starlinks, slammed into one another, becomming a kessler shield against a fully nuclear exchange.
	Another nightmare is shrinkwrapped in germany burried below marsberg.
	Just because we didnt fund the production, doesent mean we cant be mean.
	Take a can, fill it with chemical energy. It can be made to standards, made to explode or combust with doseable hydrogen-peroxide, can power fuel-cells. 
	One API later, you have standardized it into a Lego brick of death and people still do not grasp the horror.
	Every warlord and every CEO  could have a fiercly loyal low-budget army, made of walking, glued together cans - forcing humanity forever huddling in the cellars, while glorified drink factories eat the last harvests for private wars.
	Just another red button we can't press, another escalation we avoid, instead sending people en mass to die in trivial winable oldtimer wars. 
	The west just lost its mojo, doesent built, invent anymore. 
	Sure. Spit in my face while your on it. What majestic irony, the last act of enlightenment is to crawl through the ruins and manage the un-englightenment.
	
	"Barcrawl" yells somebody with ukrainian accent from the common room and ANOThem rule forces you to participate. 
	We trample through old-town, dance in the alfa folk club, the secret events, the destillery.
	Alus, Ale, Oil, Bier, many words, the result is good, but that gland from Singapor will make sure you keep only the headache.
	We sing "We will meet again" in the karaoke bar, throw empty bottles at the beerbikes with the ryan-air-dropped stag parties, loving every minute not hyperfocused on death. You stumble into valhalla night club, while F35 thunder through the sky, setting the bassline for the night. 
	The canadians and spaniards have set the manovour place near gauja ablaze again and thus got a free day after shovelling sand, to spend in town, shoving "high command" hammered into the wall of an ancient cellar.
	Graphiti on the old reconstructed walls, praising the US(SR), the empire of old, some racist runes, tribal markings, its all coming apart and together. 
	The idea, that they praise unravelling, never makes it to these walls. I have no Permamarker and i must tag them down a notch.
	The whole of humanity is on the move, towards bigger better things beyond new horizons, were there is nothing but a old town, with neon-video boards everywhere. 
	Broken we are, glued together with gold, broken again to become sharp tools.
	To defect, is to become useless, blunt, but im hyper-sharp, im just off to become my own side, the one i have always been on.
	Discussing in metaphor rich trees about treason that is not treason. Hoping ANOThem catches up, catches on. 
	To be shot in the back of the head would make so many things so much easier.

	We are philosophers whos metaphors become math, that becomes real and thus not free to engage in pure thought experiments.
	Bikeriders with green backpacks race past me, the international youth, refugees of invisible enemies, hunted by the old, disguised as pensionfund companies apps and by a world were all instinct is nostalgia at best. The old boars squeak, "all safe mentalgen" and the youth storms out to get gunned down.
	Even more graphiti on toilett walls, calling for cleansings, the retarded demanding their own demise. 
	Left agitation, the mamoths meat belongs everybody, not just the hunters who risked it all, meanwhile the mamoths have been extinct for a while. One may have a subscription to a mamoth hallucination for a price. 
	They yell for a removal of all authority, so they can be authority, and fix this world. But there is no fixing. 
	There is not even authority, just fraudsters dressing as opera captains, standing on floating debris in stormy seas, with disconnected steering wheels. Now hacked, by even bigger fraudsters who know.
	St. Education repair us in the hours of dispair and disrepair.
	But then, look at the elite, flaunting there hacks, proud of doing ever fewer work, nobody wants to waste his life in a lab, when ones cousin gets rich via crypto scam.
	All defect around me, from there jobs, from there spouses, from companies and loyal servants. A culture that does not reward non-defection, as change is life, is dysfunctional, defect and we are to defend it. 
	They are as lazy as a strategos getting hammered, under strobbing lights, as unreliable a narrator as somebody who has his head in multiple overleaving worlds soon to be.

	They throw me out of the skybar at the radison again, for yelling in russian at some NATO officials staying there with the not so official misstressess.
	"Декадентские слабаки!" and you see the doubts in the mission flashing behind the eyes, with the annoyance. Are we to soft? Are we hard enough? 
	We are, the west is hard and dark like a funeral diamond. Everyone else just doesent have a clue on reality beyond those gut feelings.
	"Fucking NATO-Faggots!" i wish they would send me to prison, but they never do. 
	Homophobia is just another bug thats also a feature. Men displays hatred for the sexual other, woman picks men after making sure, she can control the expression of hatred, forces the sexual other into a contract-cult, expression and oucome of those may vary. Voila, the first state producing the most basic rule of law. 
	The good times are over, thus a redefining of who are "WE", a rekindling of religion and nation to define the outgroup. Preparations for the massacres deeper in the loop, that will never happen, if this tree will hold.
	We synthesized several religions, to reduce the suffering, have control, keep them at each others throat. Instability that is preferable to the stability of a theocratic ethno-state, which always will go on warlike adventures, once the pot boils over. 

	I miss my parents, my family, i dont know were they are now. I will never know again, they have been renamed and moved, wittness protection.
	They can send us messages, but nothing gets past the censors, that has meaning. They are very proud of us or very disappointed we never call, and as a statistical model they cannot nod.
	I scribble a rainbow to the conservative walls of latvia with its nationalism reawakening, its proud hymns and half-holidays for ice hockey victories.
	The last thing we need is another Alan Turing focusing on material sciences. We need electronic media, cheap to produce, cheap to distribute, eating hours of lifes, turning people into monks in a scorched earth monastery, sitting in the sun, watching the colorful light dance. Panem and Circensis, we might not even be able to guarantee both.
	We - strategic Command - would sacrifice a billion and ourselves, for a stable forrest growing on a sturdy branch on the worlds tree.

	Instead im escorted from the building. Blue security punches me, then the police-db flags me as a informant, under investigation, not to be disturbed. Dont worry - he will get his due later, just stick this note into the pile.
	I cross through the park and head for old-town. Tourists from allover the world, arriving by cruise ship, flood it with me. Old fat, coughing, wishing for the city to be foil wrapped, to be unpackaged in a video.
	The cruise ships are the last buckling of the dying tourism industry, fueling the climat-change catastrophes. But it plucks a ton of other highly likely global disasters from the drasil.	Regional nuclear exchange? Super-volcanoes? Asteroids?
	If you can slice half the dangers of a world becoming a iceball of our tree, you let it slice and send some condolescence cards with machine guns to the desserts. 
	To hurt them horribly, is to help them, most likely in the long run. 
	But i want to buy one of those wooden butter knifes and commit sepuku on the balcony of the Radio Center.. 

	Over the canal, i trudge with a grandious strud like the alcohol wreckage floatsome of past empires, still with the manic gleem of "We shall rise again" in my eyes.
	I love pretending to be the outcast, the enemy. It gives you a certain perspective on what you defend and fight for.
	Ahead of me is one of the mad ones, rambling about how the CIA is after him. They are not. They are everywhere and in his head. 
	Everyone is after you, the eye of the world from a thousand little boxes is on you, to not lynch and be good people.
	And there are no mad people. Humanity lived through to many cycles of expansion, slaming into the environment ceiling, fighting andreconstitution.
	All praise the loop deformation, our god, our instincts, the one thing we blindly optimized ourselves towards.

	For we loved this cycle so much, we split into three neurally distinct adapted groups for it, optimized towards endless war of all against all.
	We just used one planet to jack the whole affair up, for a good time and now the wheels are coming down right now.
	Mirror cells, they replicate what they see with the hardware that makes us. So of course all we can see - is copies of ourselves.
	So there they are. Merciless Killers, who only are able to feel empathy to the tribe as a whole and little for the individual, hiding in plain sight, flashing blue lights.
	Then the ramblers, connecting all the dots to plots, cause its a conspiracy free for all, once the stress goes up, great artist and mad-men. The enemy if you want to keep this merry go round from flinging itself apart like a fly-wheel-detonation.
	Finally the "rational ones", ever expanding peacefully, trading but never dealing with the world in a adequate fashion. They dont want to understand, how the world got the way it is, and how they propell it ever forwards into another cycle, unravelling the hard-won empires. They make pacts with the killers, but those loyal dogs eat them, come hard times. Thus new faces every cycle through the loop deformation.

	Loud boasting toasts from some bars, cause this is how its done. You goto project it, spread your power, wealth and oligarchic fingers to show those others, tell them to bow down or fuck off. No way, to do it civilized.
	The river, with the new rail bridge. You walk along. Spaniards, the french, the english all singing, drunk but suprisingly in unison to get rid of the past, little lanterns on the sand, its all sand, a castle build on it, then torrn down, again and again, over and over.
	Across the bridge, the sun is rising again. The hour of night is over, the river makes its way to the sea, rippling by the old grain silos in the distance, the streets almost empty now. I pass by the not NATO-compound, were my son is propably sleeping. 
	What will they do with you junior, once your old men becomes a traitor?
	Snowden, Assange and now me. Cometh the hour.

	Its time to turn around, ANOThem informs others to pick me up, it cuddles us if we get desperate. Human, i want to be human again. 
	To weep and cheer, to loose and find. Without the word love being poisoned and twisted into this service we provide to - in the end all mankind.
	I stumble homewards, fall asleep on a couch and wake up much to early when the breakfast team starts to do there thing.

	There is a tree they hang traitors on, a set of scenarios of a self-aware humanity, watching itself, getting controlled, giving feedback to us, to ANOThem.
	It has a high cost, we loose partial control, there is resistance and ANOThem had us develop counter measure scenarios for half a year. 
	Its filename is "undue optimism_v2.ydr" and thats what you will get flagged for, if you try to see the positive in restoring a proper western intellectual society. This mission statement, what is "western civilization"? 
	Pursuit of happiness?
	So lets put all 8 billion on beds and pump the full with opiods? 
	No, not like that. Continuation in children, well that is a sort of happiness, but the sort ANOThem discourages. 
	They want economic strangulation, cause bring those 8B to western living standards with todays tech has no happy ends. 
	Happiness within the circumstance constraints and the circumstances are forever defined by TANO, cause its a emergency. When does the emergency ever end? That tree never made a sound.
	I pack my bag for Talin and High Treason. 
	Now that inner peace is mine, ANOThem will get worried. 
	We are not supossed to be at peace. We always have been at war with fate.
	Its almost Jani, the summer is dry and the locals leave the city to party with there familys in there hometowns. The flowers are blooming, the girls are pretty, the world keeps on turning into the best possible sunset.
	And we all need company, if only 5 % dont outright reject it and worry with us, destroying the incest pool of ideas giving birth to the monstrosity that was me, that would be a win.
	I can not be delusional, there wont be many. But if one out of a thousand, likes this chemotheraphy of thought, experiencing this controlled poisoning as an adventure similar to a venetian doge. And if all these freaks for  permanent anguish, start to revive this zombie with enlightenment ideals, then the mission might be salvageable yet. But at least they made a choice, each for themselves. This choice is the mission.
	You open the burner phone you bought, and beginn to write:
	"It sucks to be a TANO Strategos."
